Name According to W-9 Form with i: College ba Group
This Provider Agreement (hereinafter “Agreement") is made and entered into by and between a
Tennessee, Inc. (a Community care, Texas, Inc. (collectively referred in this Agreemen
as' and the undersigned Provider (hereinafter "Provider"), effective as of the date next a
signature (the “Effective Date"). In accordance with this Agreement, Tem Tennessee, Inc. manages the
Medicaid Program under and aac Texas, Inc. manages the Medicare Advantage Program. In
consideration of the mutual promises and covenants herein contained, the sufficiency of which is acknowledged by
the parties, the parties agree as follows:
ARTICLE |

DEFINITIONS
“Affiliate" means any person, firm, corporation (including, without limitation, service corporation and professional
corporation), partnership (including, without limitation, general partnership, limited partnership and limited liability
partnership), limited liability company, joint venture, business trust, association or other entity or organization that (i)
now or in the future directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the
and/or (ii) that is identified as an Affiliate on a designated web site as referenced in the provider manual(s). Unless
otherwise set forth in the Agreement, an Affiliate may access the rates, terms and conditions of this Agreement.
“Agency” means a federal, state or local agency, administration, board or other governing body with jurisdiction over
the governance or administration of a Health Benefit Plan.
creme Compensation Schedule" ("ACS") means the document(s) attached hereto and incorporated herein by
reference, and which sets forth he Rate(s) and compensation related terms for the Network(s) in which
Provider participates. The ACS may include additional Provider obligations and specific J compensation
related terms and requirements.
amar Rate" means the lesser of one hundred percent (100%) of Eligible Charges for Covered Services, or the
total reimbursement amount that Provider and have agreed upon as set forth in the rama
Compensation Schedule ("ACS"). The ate includes applicable Cost Shares, and shall represen
payment in full to Provider for Covered Services.
"Audit" means a post-payment review of the Claim(s) and supporting clinical information reviewed > to
ensure payment accuracy. The review ensures Claim(s) comply with all pertinent aspects of submission and
payment including, but not limited to, contractual terms, Regulatory Requirements, Coded Service Identifiers (as
defined in the ACS) guidelines and instructions, mnt medical policies and clinical utilization management
guidelines, reimbursement policies, and generally accepted medical practices. Audit does not include medical record
review for quality and risk adjustment initiatives, or activities conducted by | Special investigation Unit
("SIU").
"Claim" means either the uniform bill claim form or electronic claim form in the format prescribed by
submitted by a provider for payment by a | for Health Services rendered to a Member.
"CMS" means the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, an administrative agency within the United States
Department of Health & Human Services ("HHS").
“Cost Share" means, with respect to Covered Services, an amount which a Member is required to pay under the
terms of the applicable Health Benefit Plan. Such payment may be referred to as an allowance, coinsurance,
copayment, deductible, penalty or other Member payment responsibility, and may be a fixed amount or a percentage
of applicable payment for Covered Services rendered to the Member.
"Covered Services" means Medically Necessary Health Services, as determined by MJ and described in the
applicable Health Benefit Plan, for which a Member is eligible for coverage.
“Government Contract" means the contract between and an applicable party, such as an Agency, which
governs the delivery of Health Services by to Member(s) pursuant to a Government Program.
T Enterprise Provider Agreement
a pe 1 —_—
02/13/2023

“Government Program" means any federal or state funded program under the Social Security Act, and any other
federal, state, county or other municipally funded program or product in which arannr maintains a contract to
furnish services. For purposes of this Agreement, Government Program does not include the Federal Employees
Health Benefits Program ("FEHBP"), or any state or local government employer program.

“Health Benefit Plan" means the document(s) that set forth Covered Services, rules, exclusions, terms and conditions

of coverage. Such document(s) may include but are not limited to a Member handbook, a health certificate of

coverage, or evidence of coverage.

“Health Service" means those services, supplies or items that a health care provider is licensed, equipped and staffed

to provide and which he/she/it customarily provides to or arranges for individuals.

“Medically Necessary" or “Medical Necessity" means the definition as set forth in the applicable Participation

Attachment(s).

"Member" means any individual who is eligible, as determined by reece as applicable, and Lorin to

receive Covered Services under a Health Benefit Plan. For all purposes related to this Agreement, including all

schedules, attachments, exhibits, provider manual(s), notices and communications related to this Agreement, the
term "Member" may be used interchangeably with the terms Insured, Covered Person, Covered Individual, Enrollee,

Subscriber, Dependent Spouse/Domestic Partner, Child, Beneficiary or Contract Holder, and the meaning of each is

synonymous with any such other.

“Network” means a group of providers that support, through a direct or indirect contractual relationship, one or more

product(s) and/or program(s) in which Members are enrolled.

“Participating Provider" means an institution, facility, agency, physician, health care practitioner, or other entity that is

licensed or otherwise authorized to provide any of the Covered Services in the state in which they are furnished and

that is party to an agreement to provide Covered Services to Members that has met all applicable required
anc credentialing requirements and accreditation requirements for the services the Participating Provider
provides, and that is designated by ram to participate in one or more Network(s). Unless otherwise
specifically delineated, all references herein to “Provider” may also mean and refer to “Participating Provider".

Participating Provider does not include consumer-directed workers (refer to Consumer-Directed Worker); nor does

provider include the FEA (refer to Fiscal Employer Agent).

“Participation Attachment(s)" means the document(s) attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference, and

which identifies the additional duties and/or obligations related to Network(s), Government Program(s), Health Benefit

Plan(s), and/or [J programs such as quality and/or incentive programs.

“Regulatory Requirements" means any requirements, as amended from time to time, imposed by applicable federal,

state or local laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, instructions, Government Contract, or otherwise imposed by an

Agency or government regulator in connection with the procurement, development or operation of a Health Benefit

Plan, or the performance required by either party under this Agreement. The omission from this Agreement of an

express reference to a Regulatory Requirement applicable to either party in connection with their duties and

responsibilities shall in no way limit such party's obligation to comply with such Regulatory Requirement.
ARTICLE Il
SERVICES/OBLIGATIONS

2.1 Member Identification. er rsa shall ensure that provides a means of identifying Member
either by issuing a paper, plastic, electronic, or other identification document to Member or by a telephonic,
paper or electronic communication to Provider. This identification need not include all information necessary
to determine Member's eligibility at the time a Health Service is rendered, but shall include information
necessary to contact to determine Member's participation in the applicable Health Benefit Plan.
Provider acknowledges and agrees that possession of such identification document or ability to access
eligibility information telephonically or electronically, in and of itself, does not qualify the holder thereof as a
Member, nor does the lack thereof mean that the person is not a Member.

2.2 Provider Non-discrimination. Provider shall provide Health Services to Members in a manner similar to and
within the same time availability in which Provider provides Health Services to any other individual. Provider
will not differentiate, or discriminate against any Member as a result of his/her enrollment in a Health Benefit
Plan, or because of race, color, creed, national origin, ancestry, religion, sex, marital status, age, disability,
payment source, state of health, need for Health Services, status as a litigant, status as a Medicare or

e 2002: | Tennessee, Inc. ,

Medicaid beneficiary, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other basis prohibited by law.  Provider shall
not be required to provide any type, or kind of Health Service to Members that he/she/it does not customarily
provide to others.  Additional requirements may be set forth in the applicable Participation Attachment(s).
2.3 Publication and Use of Provider Information .  Provider agrees that  its Affiliates, or designees
may use, publish, disclose, and display, for commercially reasonable general business purposes, either
directly or through a third party, information related to Provider, including but not limited to demographic
information, information regarding credentialing, affiliations, performance data, and information related to
Provider for transparency initiatives except for information protected by federal and state confidentiality laws.
2.4 Use of Symbols and Marks
. Neither party to this Agreement shall publish, copy, reproduce, or use in any
way the other party's symbols, service mark(s) or trademark(s) without the prior written consent of such
other party.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties agree that they may identify Provider as a participant
in the Network(s) in which he/she/it participates.
2.5 Submission and Adjudication of Claims
. Provider shall submit, and  shall adjudicate, Claims in
accordance with the applicable Participation Attachment(s), the ACS, the provider manual(s) and Regulatory
Requirements.  If Provider submits Claims prior to receiving notice of  approval pursuant to
section 2.13, then such Claims must be submitted in accordance with prior authorization requirements, and
shall be processed as out of network.   shall not make retroactive adjustments with respect to
such Claims.
2.6 Payment in Full and Hold Harmless
. 
2.6.1 Provider agrees to accept as payment in full, in all circumstances, the applicable  Rate
whether such payment is in the form of a Cost Share, a payment by  or a payment by
another source, such as through coordination of benefits or subrogation.  Provider shall bill, collect,
and accept compensation for Cost Shares.  Provider agrees to make reasonable efforts to verify
Cost Shares prior to billing for such Cost Shares.  In no event shall  be obligated to pay
Provider or any person acting on behalf of Provider for services that are not Covered Services, or
any amounts in excess of the  Rate less Cost Shares or payment by another source, as
set forth above.   Consistent with the foregoing, Provider agrees to accept the  Rate as
payment in full if the Member has not yet satisfied his/her deductible.
2.6.2 Except as expressly permitted under Regulatory Requirements, Provider agrees that in no event,
including but not limited to, nonpayment by  insolvency of  breach of this
Agreement, or Claim payment denials or adjustment requests or recoupments based on miscoding
or other billing errors of any type, whether or not fraudulent or abusive, shall Provider, or any
person acting on behalf of Provider, bill, charge, collect a deposit from, seek compensation from, or
have any other recourse against a Member, or a person legally acting on the Member's behalf, for
Covered Services provided pursuant to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Provider
may collect reimbursement from the Member for the following:
2.6.2.1 Cost Shares, if applicable;
2.6.2.2 Health Services that are not Covered Services.   However, Provider may seek payment
for a Health Service that is not Medically Necessary or is experimental/investigational
only if Provider obtains a written waiver that meets the following criteria:
a) The  waiver  notifies  the  Member  that  the  Health  Service  is  likely  to  be
deemed not Medically Necessary, or experimental/investigational;
b) The waiver notifies the Member of the Health Service being provided and the
date(s) of service;
c) The  waiver  notifies  the  Member  of  the  approximate  cost  of  the  Health
Service;
d) The waiver is signed by  the Member, or a person legally  acting on the
Member's behalf, prior to receipt of the Health Service.
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement
© 2022 June -   Tennessee, Inc.
02/13/2023
3 #

2.7 Recoupment/Offse/Adjustment for Overpayments. [J shall be entitled to offset and recoup an
amount equal to any overpayments or improper payments made by ae Provider against any
payments due and payable by er ea to Provider with respect to any Health Benefit Plan under this
Agreement. Provider shall voluntarily refund all duplicate or erroneous Claim payments regardless of the
cause, including, but not limited to, payments for Claims where the Claim was miscoded, non-compliant with
industry standards, or otherwise billed in error, whether or not the billing error was fraudulent, abusive or
wasteful. Upon determination >) that any recoupment, improper payment, or overpayment is
due from Provider, Provider must refund the amount to within thirty (30) days of when
aimmmrend notifies Provider. If such reimbursement is not received by within the thirty (30) days
ollowing the date of such notice, shall be entitled to offset such overpayment against any
Claims payments due and payable by to Provider under any Health Benefit Plan in accordance
with Regulatory Requirements. In such event, Provider agrees that all future Claim payments applied to
satisfy Provider's repayment obligation shall be deemed to have been paid in full for all purposes, including
section 2.6.1. Should Provider disagree with any determination > that Provider has received
an overpayment, Provider shall have the right to appeal such determination under procedures
set forth in the provider manual, and such appeal shall not “per recoup the
overpayment amount during the appeal process unless suspension of the right to recoup is otherwise
required by Regulatory Requirements. [MM reserves the right to employ a third party collection
agency in the event of non-payment.

2.8 Use_of Subcontractors. Provider and scam may fulfill some of their duties under this Agreement
through subcontractors. For purposes of this provision, subcontractors shall include, but are not limited to,
vendors and non-Participating Providers that provide supplies, equipment, staffing, and other services to
Members at the request of, under the supervision of, and/or at the place of business of Provider. Provider
shall provide with thirty (30) days prior notice and obtain written approval from carsmicaee of
any Health Services subcontractors with which Provider may contract to perform Provider's duties and
obligations under this Agreement. Failure by the provider to obtain written approval may lead
to the contract being declared null and void Claims submitted by the subcontractor or by the
provider for services furnished by the unapproved subcontractor are considered to be improper payments
and may be considered false claims. Any such improper payments may be subject to action under Federal
and State false claims statutes or be subject to be recouped by a era and/or meri as
overpayment. Provider shall remain responsible to reece for the compliance of his/her/its
subcontractors with the terms and conditions of this Agreement as applicable, including, but not limited to,
the Payment in Full and Hold Harmless provisions herein.

2.9 Compliance with Provider Manual(s) and Policies, Programs and Procedures. Provider agrees to cooperate
and comply with, provider manual(s), and all other policies, programs and procedures
(collectively “Policies") established and implemented applicable to the Network(s) in which
Provider participates. or its designees may modify the provider manual(s) and its Policies by
providing at least thirty ays notice to Provider in advance of the effective date of modifications thereto.

2.10 Referral_Incentives/Kickbacks. Provider represents and warrants that Provider does not give, provide,
condone or receive any incentives or kickbacks, monetary or otherwise, in exchange for the referral of a
Member, and if a Claim for payment is attributable to an instance in which Provider provided or received an
incentive or kickback in exchange for the referral, such Claim shall not be payable and, if paid in error, shall
be refunded to

2.11 Networks and Provider Panels. Provider shall be eligible to participate only in those Networks designated on
the Provider Networks Attachment of this Agreement. Provider shall not be recognized as a Participating
Provider in such Networks until the later of: 1) the Effective Date of this Agreement or; 2) as determined by
| in its sole discretion, the date Provider has met a credentialing
requirements and accreditation requirements. Provider acknowledges that may develop,
discontinue, or modify new or existing Networks, products and/or programs. In addition to those Networks
designated on the Provider Networks Attachment, J May also identify Provider as a Participating
Provider in additional Networks, products and/or programs designated in writing from time to time by
a nInETN The terms and conditions of Provider's participation as a Participating Provider in such
additional Networks, products and/or programs shall be on the terms and conditions as set forth in this
Agreement unless otherwise agreed to in writing by Provider and
In addition to and separate from Networks that support some or all of arenes products and/or
programs (e.g., HMO and PPO), Provider further acknowledges that certain Health Services, including by
way of example only, laboratory or behavioral health services, may be provided exclusively by designated

Participating Providers (a "Health Services Designated Network"), as determined by  Provider
agrees  to  refer  Members  to  such  designated  Participating  Providers  in  a  Health  Services  Designated
Network  for  the  provision  of  certain  Health  Services,  even  if  Provider  performs  such  services.
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, if Provider provides a Health Service to a Member for
which Provider is not a designated Participating Provider in a Health Services Designated Network, then
Provider agrees that he/she/it shall not be reimbursed for such services by  or the Member,
unless Provider was authorized to provide such Health Service by 
2.12 Change in Provider Information .  Provider shall immediately send written notice, in accordance with the
Notice section of this Agreement, to  of:
2.12.1 Any legal, governmental, or other action or investigation involving Provider which could affect Provider's
credentialing status with  or materially impair the ability of Provider to carry out his/her/its duties
and obligations under this Agreement, except for temporary emergency diversion situations; or
2.12.2 Any  change  in  Provider  accreditation,  affiliation,  hospital  privileges  (if  applicable),  insurance,
licensure, certification or eligibility status, or other relevant information regarding Provider's practice
or status in the medical community.
2.13 Provider Credentialing and Accreditation . Provider warrants that he/she/it meets all  credentialing
requirements, and accreditation requirements for the Networks in which Provider participates.  A description
of the applicable credentialing requirements and accreditation requirements, are set forth in the provider
manual(s) and/or in the ACS.  Provider acknowledges that until such time as Provider has been determined
to have fully met  credentialing requirements and accreditation requirements, as applicable,
Provider shall not be entitled to the benefits of participation under this Agreement, including without limitation
the  Rates set forth in the ACS attached hereto.
2.14 Provider Staffing and  Staff Privileges
.  Provider agrees to maintain professional staffing levels to meet
community access standards and for applicable facilities, agrees to facilitate and to expeditiously grant
admitting privileges to Participating Providers who meet Provider's credentialing standards.
2.15 Adjustment Requests
. If Provider believes a Claim has been improperly adjudicated for a Covered Service
for which Provider timely submitted a Claim to  Provider may submit a request for an adjustment
to  in accordance with the applicable Participation Attachment and/or  provider manual(s) as
incorporated into this Agreement.
2.16 Provision and Supervision of Services . In no way shall  be construed to be a provider of Health
Services or responsible for, exercise control, or have direction over the provision of such Health Services.
Provider shall be solely responsible to the Member for treatment, medical care, and advice with respect to
the provision of Health Services. Provider agrees that all Health Services provided to Members under this
Agreement shall be provided by Provider or by a qualified person under Provider's direction.  Provider
warrants that any nurses or other health professionals employed by or providing services for Provider shall
be  duly  licensed  or  certified  under  applicable  law.  In  addition,  nothing  herein  shall  be  construed  as
authorizing or permitting Provider to abandon any Member.
2.17 Coordination of Benefits/Subrogation .  Subject to Regulatory Requirements, Provider agrees to cooperate
with  regarding subrogation and coordination of benefits, as set forth in Policies and the provider
manual(s), and to notify  promptly after receipt of information regarding any Member who may
have a Claim involving subrogation or coordination of benefits.
2.18 Cost Effective Care . Provider shall provide Covered Services in the most cost effective, clinically appropriate
setting and manner.  In addition, in accordance with the provider manual(s) and Policies, Provider shall
utilize Participating Providers, and when Medically Necessary or appropriate, refer and transfer Members to
Participating Providers for all Covered Services, including but not limited to specialty, laboratory, ancillary
and supplemental services.
2.19 Facility-Based Providers .  Provider agrees to require its contracted facility-based providers or those with
exclusive privileges with Provider to obtain and maintain Participating Provider status with  Until
such  time  as  facility-based  providers  enter  into  agreements  with   Provider  agrees  to  fully
cooperate with  to prevent Members from being billed amounts in excess of the applicable
 non-participating  reimbursement  for  such  Covered  Services.  Facility-based  providers  may
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement
© 2022 June -   Tennessee, Inc.
02/13/2023
5 #

include, but are not limited to, anesthesiologists, radiologists, pathologists, neonatologists, hospitalists and
emergency room physicians.
ARTICLE III 
CONFIDENTIALITY/RECORDS
3.1 Proprietary and Confidential Information . Except as otherwise provided herein, all information and material
provided by either party in contemplation of or in connection with this Agreement remains proprietary and
confidential to the disclosing party.  This Agreement, including but not limited to the  Rates, is
 proprietary  and  confidential  information.   Neither  party  shall  disclose  any  information
proprietary or confidential to the other, or use such information or material except: (1) as otherwise set forth
in this Agreement; (2) as may be required to perform obligations hereunder; (3) as required to deliver Health
Services or administer a Health Benefit Plan; (4) to  or its designees; (5) upon the express
written  consent  of  the  parties;  or  (6)  as  required  by  Regulatory  Requirements.   Notwithstanding  the
foregoing, either party may disclose such information to its legal advisors, lenders and business advisors,
provided that such legal advisors, lenders and business advisors agree to maintain confidentiality of such
information.   Provider  and   shall  each  have  a  system  in  place  that  meets  all  applicable
Regulatory Requirements to protect all records and all other documents relating to this Agreement which are
deemed confidential by law. Any disclosure or transfer of proprietary or confidential information by Provider
or  will be in accordance with applicable Regulatory Requirements.  Provider shall immediately
notify  if Provider is required to disclose any proprietary or confidential information at the request
of an Agency or pursuant to any federal or state freedom of information act request.
3.2 Confidentiality of Member Information
.  Both parties agree to comply with the Health Insurance Portability
and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA") and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical
Health Act ("HITECH Act"), and as both may be amended, as well as any other applicable Regulatory
Requirements regarding confidentiality, use, disclosure, security and access of the Member's personally
identifiable information ("PII") and protected health information ("PHI"), (collectively "Member Information").
Provider shall review all Member Information received from  to ensure no misrouted Member
Information is included.  Misrouted Member Information includes but is not limited to, information about a
Member that Provider is not currently treating. Provider shall immediately destroy any misrouted Member
Information or safeguard the Member Information for as long as it is retained.  In no event shall Provider be
permitted to misuse or re-disclose misrouted Member Information.  If Provider cannot destroy or safeguard
misrouted Member Information, Provider must contact  to report receipt of misrouted Member
Information.
3.3 Network  Provider/Patient  Discussions
.  Notwithstanding  any  other  provision  in  this  Agreement  and
regardless  of  any  benefit  or coverage  exclusions  or limitations associated  with  a  Health Benefit  Plan,
Provider shall not be prohibited from discussing fully with a Member any issues related to the Member's
health including recommended treatments, treatment alternatives, treatment risks and the consequences of
any benefit coverage or payment decisions made by  or any other party.  In addition,  nothing in
this  Agreement  shall  be  construed  to,  create  any  financial  incentive  for  Provider  to  withhold  Covered
Services, or prohibit Provider from disclosing to the Member the general methodology by which Provider is
compensated under this Agreement, such as for example, whether Provider is paid on a fee for service,
capitation or Percentage Rate basis.    shall not refuse to allow or to continue the participation of
any otherwise eligible provider, or refuse to compensate Provider in connection with services rendered,
solely because Provider has in good faith communicated with one or more of his/her/its current, former or
prospective patients regarding the provisions, terms or requirements of a Health Benefit Plan as they relate
to the health needs of such patient.  Nothing in this section shall be construed to permit Provider to disclose
 Rates or specific terms of the compensation arrangement under this Agreement.
3.4  Access to and Requests for Provider Records
. Provider and its designees shall comply with all
applicable state and federal record keeping and retention requirements, and, as set forth in the provider
manual(s)  and/or  Participation  Attachment(s),  shall  permit   or  its  designees  to  have,  with
appropriate working space and without charge, on-site access to and the right to perform an Audit, examine,
copy, excerpt and transcribe any books, documents, papers, and records related to Member's medical and
billing  information  within  the  possession  of  Provider  and  inspect  Provider's  operations,  which  involve
transactions relating to Members and as may be reasonably required by  in carrying out its
responsibilities and programs including, but not limited to, assessing quality of care, complying with quality
initiatives/measures, Medical Necessity, concurrent review, appropriateness of care, accuracy of Claims
coding and payment, risk adjustment assessment as described in the provider manual(s), including but not
limited to completion of the Encounter Facilitation Form (also called the "SOAP" note), compliance with this
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement
© 2022 June -   Tennessee, Inc.
02/13/2023
6 #

Agreement, and for research.  In lieu of on-site access, at  request, Provider or its designees
shall submit records to  or its designees via photocopy or electronic transmittal, within thirty (30)
days, at no charge to  from either Provider or its designee.   Provider shall make such records
available to the state and federal authorities involved in assessing quality of care or investigating Member
grievances or complaints in compliance with Regulatory Requirements.  Provider acknowledges that failure
to submit records to  in accordance with this provision and/or the provider manual(s), and/or
Participation Attachment(s) may result in a denial of a Claim under review, whether on pre-payment or post-
payment review, or a payment retraction on a paid Claim, and Provider is prohibited from balance billing the
Member in any of the foregoing circumstances.
3.5 Transfer of Medical Records
. Following a request, Provider shall transfer a Member's medical records in a
timely manner, or within such other time period required under applicable Regulatory Requirements, to other
health care providers treating a Member at no cost to  the Member, or other treating health care
providers.
3.6 Clinical Data Sharing
.   and Provider desire to collaborate by sharing data, including Member
Information,  to  enhance  certain  health  care  operations  activities,  primarily  to  help  improve quality  and
efficiency of health care. Each party's access to better clinical and administrative data is critical to the mutual
goal of  and Provider improving health care quality as it relates to their respective Members and
patients.  Therefore  and  upon  request,  Provider  agrees  to  provide  data  to   for  treatment
purposes, for payment purposes, for health care operations purposes consistent with those enumerated in
the first two paragraphs of the health care operations definition in HIPAA (45 CFR 164.501), or for purposes
of health care fraud and abuse detection or compliance. Provider shall provide data as set forth in Policies or
the provider manual(s), as applicable.
ARTICLE IV 
INSURANCE
4.1  Insurance.   shall self-insure or maintain insurance as required under applicable
Regulatory Requirements to insure  and its employees, acting within the scope of their duties.
4.2 Provider Insurance . Provider shall self-insure or maintain all necessary liability and malpractice insurance in
types  and  amounts  reasonably  determined  by  Provider,  or  as  required  under  applicable  Regulatory
Requirements.
ARTICLE V 
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES
5.1 Relationship of the Parties
. For purposes of this Agreement,  and Provider are and will act at all
times as independent contractors.  Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed, or be deemed to create, a
relationship of employer or employee or principal and agent, partnership, joint venture, or any relationship
other than that of independent entities contracting with each other for the purposes of effectuating this
Agreement.
5.2 Provider Representations and Warranties . Provider represents and warrants that it has the corporate power
and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement on its own behalf, and on behalf of any other individuals
or entities that are owned, or employed or subcontracted with or by Provider to provide services under this
Agreement. Provider further certifies that individuals or entities that are owned, employed or subcontracted
with Provider agree to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
ARTICLE VI 
INDEMNIFICATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
6.1 Indemnification
.  and Provider shall each indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other party,
and his/her/its directors, officers, employees, agents, Affiliates and subsidiaries ("Representatives"), from
and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including without limitation,
reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) arising from third party claims resulting from the indemnifying party's
or his/her/its Representative's failure to perform the indemnifying party's obligations under this Agreement,
and/or the indemnifying party's or his/her/its Representative's violation of any law, statute, ordinance, order,
standard of care, rule or regulation.  The obligation to provide indemnification under this Agreement shall be
contingent upon the party seeking indemnification providing the indemnifying party with prompt written notice
of any claim for which indemnification is sought, allowing the indemnifying party to control the defense and
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement
© 2022 June -   Tennessee, Inc.
02/13/2023
7 #

settlement  of  such  claim,  provided  however  that  the  indemnifying  party  agrees  not  to  enter  into  any
settlement or compromise of any claim or action in a manner that admits fault or imposes any restrictions or
obligations on an indemnified party without that indemnified party's prior written consent  which will not be
unreasonably withheld, and cooperating fully with the indemnifying party in connection with such defense
and settlement.
6.2 Limitation of Liability . Regardless of whether there is a total and fundamental breach of this Agreement or
whether any remedy provided in this Agreement fails of its essential purpose, in no event shall either of the
parties hereto be liable for any amounts representing loss of revenues, loss of profits, loss of business, the
multiple portion of any multiplied damage award, or incidental, indirect, consequential, special or punitive
damages, whether arising in contract, tort (including negligence), or otherwise regardless of whether the
parties have been advised of the possibility of such damages, arising in any way out of or relating to this
Agreement.   Further,  in  no  event  shall   or  its  Affiliates  be  liable  to  Provider  for  any
extracontractual damages relating to any claim or cause of action assigned to Provider by any person or
entity.
ARTICLE VII 
DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION
7.1 Dispute Resolution
. All disputes between  and Provider arising out of or related in any manner to
this Agreement shall be resolved using the dispute resolution and arbitration procedures as set forth below.
Provider shall exhaust any other applicable provider appeal/provider dispute resolution procedures under
this Agreement and any applicable exhaustion requirements imposed by Regulatory Requirements as a
condition precedent to Provider's right to pursue the dispute resolution and arbitration procedures as set
forth below.
7.1.1 In order to invoke the dispute resolution procedures in this Agreement, a party first shall send to the
other party a written demand letter that contains a detailed description of the dispute and all
relevant underlying facts, a detailed description of the amount(s) in dispute and how they have
been calculated and any other information that the  provider manual(s) may require
Provider to submit with respect to such dispute.  If the total amount in dispute as set forth in the
demand letter is less than two hundred thousand dollars ($200,000), exclusive of interest, costs,
and attorneys' fees, then within twenty (20) days following the date on which the receiving party
receives the demand letter, representatives of each party's choosing shall meet to discuss the
dispute in person or telephonically in an effort to resolve the dispute.  If the total amount in dispute
as set forth in the demand letter is two hundred thousand dollars ($200,000) or more, exclusive of
interest, costs, and attorneys' fees, then within ninety (90) days following the date of the demand
letter, the parties shall engage in non-binding mediation in an effort to resolve the dispute unless
both parties agree in writing to waive the mediation requirement.  The parties shall mutually agree
upon a mediator, and failing to do so, Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services ("JAMS") shall be
authorized to appoint a mediator.
7.2 Arbitration
. Any dispute within the scope of subsection 7.1.1 that remains unresolved at the conclusion of the
applicable process outlined in subsection 7.1.1 shall be resolved by binding arbitration in the manner as set
forth below.  Except to the extent as set forth below, the arbitration shall be conducted pursuant to the JAMS
Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures, provided, however, that the parties may agree in writing
to further modify the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures.  The parties agree to be
bound by the findings of the arbitrator(s) with respect to such dispute, subject to the right of the parties to
appeal such findings as set forth herein.  No arbitration demand shall be filed until after the parties have
completed the dispute resolution efforts described in section 7.1 above.  If the dispute resolution efforts
described in section 7.1 cannot be completed within the deadlines specified for such efforts despite the
parties' good faith efforts to meet such deadlines, such deadlines may be extended as necessary upon
mutual agreement of the parties.  Enforcement of this arbitration clause, including the waiver of class
actions, shall be determined under the Federal Arbitration Act ("FAA"), including the FAA's preemptive effect
on state law.  The parties agree that the arbitration shall be conducted on a confidential basis pursuant to
Rule 26 of the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures.  Subject to any disclosures that
may be required or requested under Regulatory Requirements, the parties further agree that they shall
maintain the confidential nature of the arbitration, including without limitation, the existence of the arbitration,
information exchanged during the arbitration, and the award of the arbitrator(s).  Nothing in this provision,
however,  shall  preclude  either  party  from  disclosing  any  such  details  regarding  the  arbitration  to  its
accountants, auditors, brokers, insurers, reinsurers or retrocessionaires.
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement
© 2022 June -   Tennessee, Inc.
02/13/2023
8 #

7.2.1 Location  of  Arbitration .   The  arbitration  hearing  shall  be  held  in  the  county  and  state  where
 is located. Notwithstanding the foregoing, both parties can agree in writing to hold the
arbitration hearing in some other location.
7.2.2 Selection and Replacement of Arbitrator(s) .  If the total amount in dispute is less than four million
dollars ($4,000,000), exclusive of interest, costs, and attorneys' fees, the dispute shall be decided
by a single arbitrator selected, and replaced when required, in the manner described in the JAMS
Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures.  If the total amount in dispute is four million
dollars ($4,000,000) or more, exclusive of interest, costs, and attorneys' fees, the dispute shall be
decided by an arbitration panel consisting of three (3) arbitrators, unless the parties agree in writing
that the dispute shall be decided by a single arbitrator.
7.2.3 Appeal .  If the total amount of the arbitration award is five million dollars ($5,000,000) or more,
inclusive of interest, costs, and attorneys' fees, or if the arbitrator(s) issues an injunction against a
party, the parties shall have the right to appeal the decision of the arbitrator(s) pursuant to the
JAMS Optional Arbitration Appeal Procedure.  A decision that has been appealed shall not be
enforceable while the appeal is pending.  In reviewing a decision of the arbitrator(s), the appeal
panel shall apply the same standard of review that a United States Court of Appeals would apply in
reviewing a similar decision issued by a United States District Court in the jurisdiction in which the
arbitration hearing was held.
7.2.4 Waiver of Certain Claims
.  The parties, on behalf of themselves and those that they may now or
hereafter represent, each agree to and do hereby waive any right to join or consolidate claims in
arbitration by or against other individuals or entities or to pursue, on a class basis, any dispute;
provided however, if there is a dispute regarding the applicability or enforcement of the waiver
provision in this subsection 7.2.4, that dispute shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction.
If a court of competent jurisdiction determines that such waiver is unenforceable for any reason
with respect to a particular dispute, then the parties agree that section 7.2 shall not apply to such
dispute and that such dispute shall be decided instead in a court of competent jurisdiction.
7.2.5 Limitations on Injunctive Relief
.  The parties, on behalf of themselves and those that they may now
or hereafter represent, each agree that any injunctive relief sought against the other party shall be
limited to the conduct relevant to the parties to the arbitration and shall not be sought for the benefit
of individuals or entities who are not parties to the arbitration.  The arbitrator(s) are not authorized
to issue injunctive relief for the benefit of an individual or entity who is not a party to the arbitration.
The  arbitrator  shall  be  limited  to  issuing  injunctive  relief  related  to  the  specific  issues  in  the
arbitration.
7.3 Attorney's Fees and Costs
. The shared fees and costs of the non-binding mediation and arbitration (e.g. fee
of the mediator, fee of the independent arbitrator) will be shared equally between the parties.  Each party
shall be responsible for the payment of its own specific fees and costs (e.g. the party's own attorney's fees,
the fees of the party selected arbitrator, etc.) and any costs associated with conducting the non-binding
mediation  or  arbitration  that  the  party  chooses  to  incur  (e.g.  expert  witness  fees,  depositions,  etc.).
Notwithstanding this provision, the arbitrator may issue an order in accordance with Federal Rule of Civil
Procedure Rule 11.
ARTICLE VIII 
TERM AND TERMINATION
8.1 Term of Agreement
. This Agreement shall commence at 12:01 AM on the Effective Date for a term of one
(1) year, and shall continue automatically in effect thereafter for consecutive one (1) year terms unless
otherwise terminated as provided herein.
8.2 Termination Without Cause . Either party may terminate this Agreement without cause at any time by giving
at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior written notice of termination to the other party.  Notwithstanding
the foregoing, should a Participation Attachment(s) contain a longer without cause termination period, the
Agreement shall continue in effect only for such applicable Participation Attachment(s) until the termination
without cause notice period in the applicable Participation Attachment(s) ends.
8.3 Breach of Agreement
. Except for circumstances giving rise to the Immediate Termination section, if either
party fails to comply with or perform when due any material term or condition of this Agreement, the other
party shall notify the breaching party of its breach in writing stating the specific nature of the material breach,
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement
© 2022 June -   Tennessee, Inc.
02/13/2023
9 #

and the breaching party shall have thirty (30) days to cure the breach.  If the breach is not cured to the
reasonable satisfaction of the non-breaching party within said thirty (30) day period, the non-breaching party
may terminate this Agreement by providing written notice of such termination to the other party.  The
effective date of such termination shall be no sooner than sixty (60) days after such notice of termination.
8.4 Immediate Termination . 
8.4.1 This Agreement or any Participation Attachment(s) may be terminated immediately by 
if:
8.4.1.1 Provider commits any act or conduct for which his/her/its license(s), permit(s), or any
governmental  or  board  authorization(s)  or  approval(s)  necessary  for  business
operations or to provide Health Services are lost or voluntarily surrendered in whole or
in part; or
8.4.1.2 Provider commits fraud or makes  any material misstatements or omissions  on any
documents related to this Agreement which Provider submits to  or to a third
party; or
8.4.1.3 Provider files a petition in bankruptcy for liquidation or reorganization by or against
Provider, if Provider becomes insolvent, or makes an assignment for the benefit of its
creditors without  written consent, or if a receiver is appointed for Provider
or its property; or
8.4.1.4 Provider's insurance coverage as required by this Agreement lapses for any reason; or
8.4.1.5 Provider  fails  to  maintain  compliance  with   applicable  credentialing
requirements, accreditation requirements; or
8.4.1.6  reasonably believes based on Provider's conduct or inaction, or allegations
of such conduct or inaction, that the well-being of patients may be jeopardized; or
8.4.1.7 Provider has been abusive to a Member, an  employee or representative; or
8.4.1.8 Provider  and/or  his/her/its  employees,  contractors,  subcontractors,  or  agents  are
ineligible,  excluded,  suspended,  terminated  or  debarred  from  participating  in  a
Medicaid, Medicare, and/or SCHIP Program pursuant to Sections 1128 or 1156 of the
Social Security Act and 42 CFR 455.101, and in the case of an employee, contractor,
subcontractor or agent, Provider fails to remove such individual from responsibility for,
or involvement with, the Provider's business operations related to this Agreement, or if
Provider has voluntarily withdrawn his/her/its participation in any Government Program
as the result of a settlement agreement; or
8.4.1.9 Provider is convicted or has been finally adjudicated to have committed a felony or
misdemeanor, other than a non-DUI related traffic violation.
8.4.2 This Agreement may be terminated immediately by Provider if:
8.4.2.1  commits  any  act  or  conduct  for  which  its  license(s),  permit(s),  or  any
governmental  or  board  authorization(s)  or  approval(s)  necessary  for  business
operations are lost or voluntarily surrendered in whole or in part; or
8.4.2.2  commits fraud or makes any material misstatements or omissions on any
documents related to this Agreement which it submits to Provider or to a third party; or
8.4.2.3  files for bankruptcy, or if a receiver is appointed; or
8.4.2.4  insurance coverage as required by this Agreement lapses for any reason.
8.5 Partial Termination of Participating Providers
.  shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement as it
applies to one or a number of Participating Providers under the terms of this Article VIII, without terminating
the Agreement in its entirety, and in such case, the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect in
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement
© 2022 June -   Tennessee, Inc.
02/13/2023
10 #

connection with Provider and/or any and all Participating Providers as to which the Agreement has not been
terminated.   Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,   reserves  the  right  to  terminate  Participating
Provider(s) from any or all Network(s) under the terms of this Article VIII while continuing the Agreement for
the remaining Participating Provider(s).
8.6 Transactions Prior to Termination
. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, termination shall have no
effect on the rights and obligations of the parties arising out of any transaction under this Agreement
occurring prior to the date of such termination.
8.7 Continuation of Care Upon Termination
. If this Agreement or any Participation Attachment terminates for any
reasons other than one of the grounds set forth in the "Immediate Termination" section, then Provider shall,
at  discretion, continue to provide Covered Services to all designated Members under this
Agreement  or  any  terminating  Participation  Attachment,  as  applicable,  in  accordance  with  Regulatory
Requirements.  During  such  continuation  period,  Provider  agrees  to:  (i)  accept  reimbursement  from
 for all Covered Services furnished hereunder in accordance with this Agreement and at the
rates set forth in the ACS attached hereto; and (ii) adhere to  Policies, including but not limited
to, Policies regarding quality assurance requirements, referrals, pre-authorization and treatment planning.
8.8 Survival
.  The provisions of this Agreement set forth below shall survive termination or expiration of this
Agreement or any Participation Attachment(s):
8.8.1 Publication and Use of Provider Information;
8.8.2 Payment in Full and Hold Harmless;
8.8.3 Recoupment/Offset/Adjustment for Overpayments;
8.8.4 Confidentiality/Records;
8.8.5 Indemnification and Limitation of Liability;
8.8.6 Dispute Resolution and Arbitration;
8.8.7 Continuation of Care Upon Termination; and
8.8.8 Any other provisions required in order to comply with Regulatory Requirements.
ARTICLE IX 
GENERAL PROVISIONS
9.1 Amendment
. Except as otherwise provided for in this Agreement,  retains the right to amend this
Agreement, any attachments or addenda by making a good faith effort to provide notice to Provider at least
thirty (30) days in advance of the effective date of the amendment.  Except to the extent that 
determines an amendment is necessary to effectuate Regulatory Requirements, if Provider objects to the
amendment prior to its effective date, then Provider has the right to terminate this Agreement, and such
termination shall take effect on the later of the amendment effective date identified by  or one
hundred eighty (180) days from the date Provider has provided notice of his/her/its intention to terminate the
Agreement pursuant to this section.  Failure of Provider to provide such notice to  within the time
frames described herein will constitute acceptance of the amendment by Provider.
9.2 Assignment
.  This  Agreement  may  not  be  assigned  by  Provider  without  the  prior  written  consent  of
  Any assignment by Provider without such prior consent shall be voidable at the sole discretion
of    may assign this Agreement in whole or in part.  In the event of a partial
assignment  of  this  Agreement  by   the  obligations  of  the  Provider  shall  be  performed  for
 with respect to the part retained and shall be performed for  assignee with respect
to the part assigned, and such assignee is solely responsible to perform all obligations of  with
respect to the part assigned. The rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall inure to the benefit of,
and shall be binding upon, any permitted successors and assigns of the parties hereto.
9.3 Scope/Change in Status
. 
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement
© 2022 June -   Tennessee, Inc.
02/13/2023
11 #

9.3.1 rae and Provider agree that this Agreement applies to Health Services rendered by
Provider at the Provider's location(s) on file with nT CRE TATE may, in its discretion,
limit this Agreement to Provider's locations, operations, business or corporate form, status or
structure in existence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and prior to the occurrence of any of
the events set forth in subsections 9.3.1.1 — 9.3.1.5. Unless otherwise required by Regulatory
Requirements, Provider shall provide at least ninety (90) days prior written notice of any such
event.
9.3.1.1 Provider (a) sells, ttansfers or conveys his/her/its business or any substantial portion of
his/her/its business assets to another entity through any manner including but not
limited to a stock, real estate or asset transaction or other type of transfer; (b) is
otherwise acquired or controlled by any other entity through any manner, including but
not limited to purchase, merger, consolidation, alliance, joint venture, partnership,
association, or expansion; or

9.3.1.2 Provider transfers control of his/her/its management or operations to any third party,
including Provider entering into a management contract with a physician practice
management company or with another entity which does not manage Provider as of the
Effective Date of this Agreement, or there is a subsequent change in control of
Provider's current management company; or

9.3.1.3 Provider acquires or controls any other medical practice, facility, service, beds or entity;
or

9.3.1.4 Provider changes his/her/its locations, business or operations, corporate form or status,
tax identification number, or similar demographic information; or

9.3.1.5 Provider creates or otherwise operates a licensed health maintenance organization or
commercial health plan (whether such creation or operation is direct or through a
Provider affiliate).

9.3.2 Notwithstanding the termination provisions of Article VIII, and without limiting any | a
rights as set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, | shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement by giving at least sixty (60) days written notice to Provider ‘a determines,
that as a result of any of the transactions listed in subsection 9.3.1, Provider cannot satisfactorily
perform the obligations hereunder, or cannot comply with one or more of the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, including but not limited to the confidentiality provisions herein; oo iii”
elects in its reasonable business discretion not to do business with Provider, the successor entity or
new management company, as a result of one or more of the events as set forth in subsection
9.3.1.

9.3.3 Provider shall provide [Mj with thirty (30) days prior written notice of:
9.3.3.1 Addition or removal of individual provider(s) who are employed or subcontracted with

Provider, if applicable. Any new individual providers must meet carom
credentialing requirements prior to being designated as a Participating Provider; or
9.3.3.2 A change in mailing address.

9.3.4 If Provider is acquired by, acquires or merges with another entity, and such entity already has an
agreement with i will determine in its sole discretion which Agreement will
prevail.

9.4 Definitions. Unless otherwise specifically noted, the definitions as set forth in Article | of this Agreement will
have the same meaning when used in any attachment, the provider manual(s) and Policies.

9.5 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, exhibits, attachments, appendices, and amendments hereto, and the
provider manual(s), together with any items incorporated herein by reference, constitute the entire
understanding between the parties and supersedes all prior oral or written agreements between them with
respect to the matters provided for herein. This Agreement incorporates by reference all Regulatory
Requirements, cpr rules and regulations, consent decrees or court orders, as applicable to the
services under this Agreement and revisions of such laws, regulations, consent decrees or court orders, as

Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement

© 2022 June - | Tennessee, Inc. 12 ,

02/13/2023

applicable to the services under this Agreement shall automatically be incorporated into this  Agreement, as
they become effective.  In addition, if there is an inconsistency between the terms of this Agreement and the
terms provided in any exhibits, attachments, appendices, or amendments to this Agreement, then the terms
provided in the applicable Participation Attachment shall govern.
9.6 Force Majeure . Neither party shall be deemed to be in violation of this Agreement if such party is prevented
from performing any of his/her/its obligations hereunder due to natural or man-made disasters, including fire,
flood, earthquake, terrorism, or any similar unforeseeable act beyond its reasonable control, acts of any
public enemy, statutory or other laws, regulations, rules, orders, or actions of the federal, state, or local
government or any agency thereof.
9.7 Compliance with Regulatory Requirements
.   and Provider agree to comply with all applicable
Regulatory Requirements, as amended from time to time, relating to their obligations under this Agreement,
and maintain in effect all permits, licenses and governmental and board authorizations and approvals as
necessary for business operations.  Provider warrants that as of the Effective Date, he/she/it is and shall
remain licensed and certified for the term of this Agreement in accordance with all Regulatory Requirements
(including those applicable to utilization review and Claims payment) relating to the provision of Health
Services to Members.  Provider shall supply evidence of such licensure, compliance and certifications to
 upon  request.   If  there  is  a  conflict  between  this  section  and  any  other  provision  in  this
Agreement, then this section shall control.
9.7.1 In addition to the foregoing, Provider warrants and represents that at the time of entering into this
Agreement,  neither  he/she/it  nor  any  of  his/her/its  employees,  contractors,  subcontractors,
principals or agents are ineligible, excluded, suspended, terminated or debarred from participating
in a Medicaid, Medicare, and/or SCHIP Program ("Ineligible Person") pursuant to Sections 1128 or
1156  of  the  Social  Security  Act  and  42  CFR  455.101.  Provider  shall  remain  continuously
responsible  for  ensuring  that  his/her/its  employees,  contractors,  subcontractors,  principals  or
agents are not Ineligible Persons.  If Provider or any employees, subcontractors, principals or
agents thereof becomes an Ineligible Person after entering into this Agreement or otherwise fails to
disclose his/her/its Ineligible Person status, Provider shall have an obligation to (1) immediately
notify  of such Ineligible Person status and (2) within ten (10) days of such notice,
remove such individual from responsibility for, or involvement with, Provider's business operations
related to this Agreement.
9.8 Governing Law
.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
state where  has its primary place of business, unless such state laws are otherwise preempted
by federal law.   However, coverage issues specific to a Health Benefit Plan are governed by the state laws
where the Health Benefit Plan is issued, unless such state laws are otherwise preempted by federal law.
9.9 Intent of the Parties . It is the intent of the parties that this Agreement is to be effective only in regards to their
rights and obligations with respect to each other; it is expressly not the intent of the parties to create any
independent rights in any third party or to make any third party a third party beneficiary of this Agreement,
except to the extent specified in the Payment in Full and Hold Harmless section of this Agreement, or in a
Participation Attachment(s).
9.10 Non-Exclusive Participation
. None of the provisions of this Agreement shall prevent Provider or 
from participating in or contracting with any provider, preferred provider organization, health maintenance
organization/health  insuring  corporation,  or  any  other  health  delivery  or  insurance  program.   Provider
acknowledges that  does not warrant or guarantee that Provider will be utilized by any particular
number of Members.
9.11 Notice
. Any notice required to be given pursuant to the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be in
writing and shall be delivered by hand, facsimile, electronic mail, or mail.  Notice shall be deemed to be
effective: (a) when delivered by hand, (b) upon transmittal when transmitted by facsimile transmission or by
electronic mail, (c) upon receipt by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, (d) on the next business day
if transmitted by national overnight courier, or (e) if sent by regular mail, five (5) days from the date set forth
on the correspondence.  Unless specified otherwise in writing by a party,  shall send Provider
notice to an address that  has on file for Provider, and Provider shall send  notice to
 address as set forth in the provider manual(s).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, and unless
otherwise required by Regulatory Requirements,  may post updates to its provider manual(s)
and Policies on its web site.
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement
© 2022 June -   Tennessee, Inc.
02/13/2023
13 #

9.12 Severability .  In case  any  one  or  more of the provisions  of  this  Agreement  shall  be  invalid,  illegal,  or
unenforceable in any respect, the remaining provisions shall be construed liberally in order to effectuate the
purposes hereof, and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way
be  affected  or  impaired  thereby.   If  one  or  more  provisions  of  the  Agreement  are  invalid,  illegal  or
unenforceable and an amendment to the Agreement is necessary to maintain its integrity, the parties shall
make commercially reasonable efforts to negotiate an amendment to this Agreement and any attachments
or  addenda  to  this  Agreement  which  could  reasonably  be  construed  not  to  contravene  such  statute,
regulation, or interpretation.  In addition, if such invalid, unenforceable or materially affected provision(s)
may be severed from this Agreement and/or attachments or addenda to this Agreement without materially
affecting the parties' intent when this Agreement was executed, then such provision(s) shall be severed
rather than terminating the Agreement or any attachments or addenda to this Agreement.
9.13 Waiver . Neither the waiver by either of the parties of a breach of any of the provisions of this Agreement, nor
the failure of either  of the parties, on one or  more occasion, to enforce any  of the provisions of this
Agreement, shall thereafter be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach of any of the provisions of
this Agreement.
9.14 Construction
. This Agreement shall be construed without regard to any presumption or other rule requiring
construction against the party causing this Agreement to be drafted.
9.15 Counterparts and Electronic Signatures . 
9.15.1 This Agreement and any amendment hereto may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one
and the same agreement.
9.15.2 Either party may execute this Agreement or any amendments by valid electronic signature, and
such signature shall have the same legal effect of a signed original.
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement
© 2022 June -   Tennessee, Inc.
02/13/2023
14 #

Each party warrants that it has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the person signing this
Agreement on behalf of either party warrants that he/she has been duly authorized and empowered to enter into this
Agreement.
THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS A BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION
WHICH MAY BE ENFORCED BY THE PARTIES
Provider shall be designated as a Participating Provider in the Networks set forth on the Provider Network
Attachment on the later of: (1) the Effective Date of this Agreement or; (2) as determined by in its
sole discretion, the date Provider has met applicable credentialing requirements and accreditation
requirements.
PROVIDER LEGAL NAME ACCORDING TO W-9 FORM WITH D/B/A: RE College dba

EE coup
By: a

Signature, Authorized Representative of Provider(s) Date
Printed:

Name Title
Address:

Street City State Zip
Tax Identification Number (TIN): | ***REMOVED***
(Note: if any of the following is not applicable, please leave blank)
Phone Number:
BE Tennessee, inc. d/b/a RR community care

ES 'NTERNAL Use ONLY

By: a

Signature, Authorized Representative of Date
Printed:

Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement Provider Networks Attachment 16 iz
© 2021 August ; Tennessee, Inc.
02/13/2023

EPISODE-BASED RETROSPECTIVE PAYMENT
PARTICIPATION ATTACHMENT TO THE
pro ee en
This is an Episode-Based Retrospective Payment Participation Attachment ("Attachment") to the ammnEn
Provider Agreement ("Agreement"), entered into by and between [J and Provider and is incorporated into
the Agreement.
mmr shall implement Payment Reform Initiatives, including retrospective episode based reimbursement, as
required by Provider types identified by | as Principal Accountable Providers ("PAPs") or
“Quarterbacks” (QBs) are required, as a condition of participation in the Program, to participate in such
ema Payment Reform Initiatives for the purposes of furthering quality improvement and reporting processes in
accordance with requirements. Episodes and quality measures defined by Lea will be provided
within the Provider Episode-Based Retrospective Payment Appendix Thresholds Attachment.
a shall provide quarterly performance reports to Provider and Quarterbacks and shall reconcile episode
performance annually.
Payment Reform Initiatives.. a has adopted this Episode-Based Retrospective Payment Program, (this
“Program") as part of the State of Tennessee's Health Care Innovation Initiative for the purpose of more closely
aligning reimbursement with health care quali) shall implement this Program as described in this
Episode-Based Retrospective Payment Appendix (this “Appendix"), in accordance with J requirements.
Provider acknowledges the a Program is implementing an Episode of Care payment system for
compensation of Providers deemed to have the greatest accountability for quality and cost of care for a patient.
Providers deemed to have the greatest accountability for the quality and cost of care for a patient are “Principal
Accountable Providers" or "PAPs" or "Quarterbacks".
Provider agrees that a Quarterback, as identified > for each episode of care and as defined herein, is
required by the cara Program to participate and cooperate with eso purposes of furthering quality
improvement and reporting processes as developed for this program and described ) Episodes and
quality measures defined by | are identified in the attached J Thresholds Attachment, which is
incorporated herein.
a shall provide quarterly performance reports to the Quarterback and shall reconcile episode performance
annually.
Additional episodes will be identified and added as determined by Sy EE will work with IY to
define the process for adding each additional episode.
Section | - Definitions
Acceptable Cost Threshold: The dollar amount, as determined by | to which the Quarterbacks’ risk
adjusted average episode cost (calculated in Section Il below) for a Program Episode will be compared. The
Acceptable Cost Threshold is used to determine the dollar amount of the Shared Risk Payment from the Quarterback
a and can be found on each interim and final Performance Report provided to the Quarterback. For the
Acceptable Cost Threshold, the threshold represents the maximum cost in that category. Providers with a cost equal
to or less than the threshold meet the threshold requirement. See thresholds attachment.
Commendable Cost Threshold: The dollar amount, as determined by to which the Quarterback's risk
adjusted average episode cost for a Program Episode will be compared. If the Quarterback meets all of the quality
indicators linked to gain sharing, the commendable cost threshold is then used to the determine dollar amount of a
shared savings payment ‘om to the Quarterback, subject to the Gain Share Limit. The dollar amount of
the commendable cost threshold can be found on each interim and final Performance Report provided to the
Quarterback. For the Commendable Cost Threshold, the threshold represents the maximum cost in that category.
Providers with a cost equal to or less than the threshold meet the threshold requirement. See thresholds attachment.
Cost Zones: Based on the prior quarter average episode costs, as calculated in Section II below, Quarterback Zone,
or Commendable Cost Zone.
fren tu ovr aeons 17 —
© 2022 April — Te , Inc.
62022 Apt — EEE Tennessee, Inc

Episode or Episode of care: Episodes are acute or specialized treatments a patient receives for a specified period
of time. An Episode will include all the different health care services related to the treatment of one acute or
specialized health care event, net of episodes excluded for clinical or operational considerations.
Episode Measurement Period ("EMP"): The measurement period for the Quality Certification Component of the
program defined as including all episodes ending the 12-month period that begins on the effective date of this
Appendix. Subsequently measurement periods will begin as defined by
Episode Provider Stop-loss: A methodology that will be incorporated into the Total Episode Cost calculation that is
designed to limit significant provider risk under the episode of care model. The Episode Provider Stop-loss is not
intended to be a regulated stop loss or reinsurance product, but rather is a calculation integrated within the Risk
Sharing component of the Program intended to provide protection from the impact of excessive Quarterback
penalties.
Gain Share Limit: Calculated, as defined > as the average of the non-adjusted cost for the five lowest
costs for a valid Episode of Care that will be used to calculate any shared savings payment to the Quarterback, if all
of the eligibility criteria are met.
Gain Sharing: If a Quarterback achieves a risk-adjusted average per-episode cost below the commendable
threshold while meeting quality standards, then the Quarterback is eligible for Gain Sharing. Gain Sharing is savings
below the commendable threshold with respect to the Gain Share Limit.
Member: A Member is a Medicaid enrollee assigned to cera by the state Medicaid program. A Member is
subject to retroactive disenrollment by the state, in which case such individual will not be considered a Member for
any period as of the effective date of such disenrollment.
Performance Report: The interim or final report with respect to a given Episode Measurement Period that shows, on
an interim or final basis, the Quarterback's performance results and the other information described in this Appendix.
Principal Accountable Provider ("“PAP" or “Quarterback"): The Provider deemed to have the greatest
accountability for the quality and cost of care for a patient. Quarterbacks are designated for each episode based on
the degree of influence they have over clinical decisions and the care delivered.
Quality Certification Component: The program component that measures the quality performance of the
Quarterback. The quarterly quality certification is a prerequisite for becoming and remaining eligible for Gain Sharing.
The quality certification designation will apply to those Quarterbacks that have a score meeting or exceeding
GEE defined threshold levels for Quality Indicators Linked to Gain Sharing.
Quality Indicators Linked To Gain Sharing: The set of indicators that will be used for determination of quality
certification of each episode. These quality indicators will be based on clinically appropriate and evidence-based
practice. Applicable quality indicator definitions and measurement specifications will be published with each episode.
The thresholds for Quality Indicators Linked to Gain Sharing, represent the minimum score required to meet the
metric. Quality results equal to or higher than the threshold are considered to have met the requirements for the
measure. See thresholds attachment.
Quality Indicators Not Linked To Gain Sharing: The additional set of indicators that will be provided to each
Quarterback of each episode for the purpose of quality improvement. These quality indicators will be based on
Clinically appropriate and evidence-based practice. Applicable quality indicator definitions and measurement
specifications will be published with each episode. The thresholds for Quality Indicators Not Linked to Gain Sharing,
represent the minimum score required to meet the metric. Quality results equal to or higher than the threshold are
considered to have met the requirements for the measure.
Risk Sharing: If a Quarterback's risk adjusted average per-episode cost is more than the acceptable threshold, no
gain share payment is earned, and the risk will be shared with [J Risk sharing is the cost above the
Acceptable Threshold.
Total Episode Cost: The total episode cost is the sum of the amount that reflects the totality of all costs for claims
identified for all J] Members included in the episode.
Valid Episode of Care: Medicaid Covered Services provided by one or more Providers over a period of time related
to a particular condition or procedure, including clinically related Medicaid Covered Services, as pre-defined by
reat har te rene 2 Eat 18 —
© 2022 April — T Il

Apri — I Tennessee, inc.

a An episode will include all the different health care services related to the treatment of one acute or
specialized health care event, net of episodes excluded for clinical or operational considerations.
Section Il - Gain/Risk Share Pay Component

Risk Sharing Amount: If the risk-adjusted average episode cost is more than the acceptable cost threshold, no gain
share payment is earned and the risk will be shared with The Quarterback, without regard to whether the
eligibility criteria are met, is required to pay their portion of any deficit man In the event that the final
performance report shows that the Provider owes money to the final report will serve as an invoice to the
Provider, and the Provider will need to issue their payment to within 30 days of the date of this
notification. If J) does not receive payment, reserves the right to offset claim payments for
money owed.
Steps for submitting payment:
Checks should be made out to conraomn ae and mailed to the address below. Include as a note on the remit check
that this payment is for the Episodes of Care program and the name of the Episode(s) the risk share amount is
referencing:
BE Community Care Attn: Finance Department
22 Century Blvd., Suite 220
Nashville, TN 37214
Gain Sharing Amount: If the risk-adjusted total episode cost is less than the acceptable cost threshold for the
episode measurement period, the Quarterback's unadjusted payment y will be calculated according to
the specifications below. The delivery date for checks to Providers is within 30 days of the date of this notification.
Providers who will receive a gain-share payment will receive a paper check. This check will be sent to the remittance
address on file with [MJ and/or the requested mailing address of the Provider.
Total Episode Cost = All associated claims submitted and paid during an episode measurement period.
Total # of valid episodes = Net of episodes excluded for clinical or operational considerations

Avg. episode cost (non adj.) =

Raw claims average =
Total episode cost + total # of valid episodes
Risk adjustment factor (avg.) =
The adjustment needed to insure that the average risk score across all episodes o is equal to 1.00
Average adjustment to raw claims to account for clinical variability
Avg. episode cost (risk adj.) =
Adjusted cost per episode =
Average episode cost non-adjusted + the risk adjustment factor
Total Gain Sharing generated =
Total difference in adjusted cost vs. commendable cost =
Difference between average episode cost risk-adjusted and commendable cost x total # of valid episodes
Total Risk Sharing penalty =
Total difference in adjusted cost vs. not acceptable cost =
Difference between acceptable cost and average episode cost risk-adjusted x total # of valid episodes
Section Ill - Notification
rim cree shall notify Quarterbacks to the availability of their quarterly performance and/or preview EOC reports via
email, fax, or letter. The Quarterback will be asked to respond (0 conieing receipt of the notification,
confirming their preferred delivery method, and contact person. Quarterbacks must provide their most up-to-date
contact information as this is essential in order for Providers to receive alerts about any changes to EOC reports or
newly released reports in a timely manner. In the initial communication to Quarterbacks, samme shall provide 1)
instructions on how to access full reports, and 2) how to share and update electronic contact information.
Section IV - Reporting Component
Te ise Provider 2022 Epi Based Retro
a 19 —_——
© 2022 April — T . Inc.
Apri — EIEN Tennessee, nc

The  Quarterback's  performance  will  be  measured  for  each  episode  in  reports.   Average  episode  cost  (risk
adjusted) will be compared with pre-determined thresholds. Based on performance,  will then reconcile
total payment  with  each  Quarterback.  This  performance  summary will provide  a  detailed  picture of the  quality
indicators of a Quarterback that go into the Quarterback's quality outcomes and how the Quarterback is performing
relative to other Quarterbacks in this episode.
Cost  ranges  for  commendable,  acceptable  and  unacceptable  costs  will  also  be  included  in  the  report.  If  the
Quarterback's costs are considered unacceptable, the Quarterback will be subject to risk sharing. If the Quarterback's
costs are in the acceptable range, there will be neither gain nor risk sharing. If the Quarterback's costs are within the
commendable range, the Quarterback will be eligible for gain sharing as long as the Quarterback met required quality
metrics.
Section V - Eligibility - Quality Certification
A.  will make available to the Quarterback an interim performance report on a quarterly basis. This
report is designed to provide a summary and to list those Members that are included in any of the quality indicators
measurements for each valid episode. This report will detail the quality indicators linked to gain/risk sharing.
B. Quarterbacks who do not meet the benchmarks for quality indicators linked to Gain Sharing are ineligible for
Gain Sharing.  In addition, Quarterbacks whose average  episode  costs fall above  the acceptable threshold are
responsible for a portion of those costs. Quarterbacks whose average cost falls between the commendable and
acceptable thresholds receive no gain share and pay no risk share.
All Quarterbacks involved in an episode of care will be paid in accordance with their Agreement for Medicaid Covered
Services rendered.
Section VI - Quarterly Reconciliations and Payments
Quarterly performance reports are for informational purposes, and only the final performance report for a given
performance period will be used to determine any shared gain/risk payments.
A.  Risk Share Payment: Payment equal to 50% of the total Risk Shared. See Section II for calculations.
B. Gain Share Payment:  Payment equal to 50% of the total Gain Shared. See Section II for calculations.
C. Shared Risk Payment Due Date:   or Quarterback, as applicable, will pay to the other party the
shared risk payment, if any, within a predetermined, agreed upon number of days after  provides the final
Quarterback Performance Report.
Section VII - Regulatory Requirements
A. The parties acknowledge and agree that: (i) the compensation set forth in the Agreement, including this
Appendix, does not  reward Quarterbacks for limiting  the provision of any medically necessary services  to any
patients; and (ii) nothing contained in the Agreement, including this Appendix, will be construed in any manner as
creating an obligation or inducement to limit the provision of any medically necessary services to be provided by
Quarterbacks. Provider, on behalf of itself and/or its assigned Quarterbacks, covenants and agrees that Quarterbacks
will immediately report to  any physician, health care professional or facility whom a Quarterback believes,
or has reason to believe, may have limited or denied, or attempted to limit or deny, medically necessary or clinically
appropriate care to one or more Members.  Any such limitation, denial, or attempt, as determined by  in its
sole discretion, will be grounds for immediate termination of this Appendix and will be deemed a material breach
under the Agreement for purposes of termination of the Agreement; and notwithstanding anything in this Appendix to
the contrary, no further payments will be made under this Appendix in the event of such termination. In its sole
discretion,  may elect instead to exclude the individual physician, health care professional or facility from
participating under this Appendix immediately upon written notice to such Quarterback.  Provider acknowledges and
agrees that  is relying upon the foregoing representations and covenants of Quarterback in connection
with Quarterback's participation in the Program described in this Appendix.
B. Provider, on behalf of itself and/or its assigned Quarterbacks, represents and warrants that, to the extent the
Provider distributes any portion of any incentive payments to or from  under this Appendix to PCPs,
Quarterback (i) will make such distribution(s) in compliance with CMS rules and regulations and (ii) will make any
such distributions on a per capita basis to all professionals who have been PCPs for at least one year, and shall not
limit distributions to any particular group of individual physicians or professionals; and (iii) will limit each such payment
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement 2022 Episode-Based Retro 
Payment Attachment
© 2022 April –   Tennessee, Inc.
02/13/2023
20 #

so that no PCP receives an amount that would result in substantial financial risk as defined by the PIP Regulations. If
requested >) Quarterbacks will provide aera with a description of their physician compensation
arrangements and such other information related to such payments as needed to demonstrate the Quarterback's
compliance with CMS and other applicable rules and regulations and this Section.
Cc. If this Appendix is required to be filed with one or more federal, state or local governmental authorities,
a ecaT will be responsible for each such filing. If, following any such filing, the governmental authority requests
changes to this Appendix, Provider, on behalf of itself and/or its Quarterbacks, agrees to cooperate with
in preparing the response to the governmental authority.

Section Vill -Reconsideration
Regarding quarterly and performance EOC reports, if there are any concerns with data in either of these partial year
reports, please contact your EOC Provider Representative within 30 days of the report notification or email
agpepisode.reporting Gia. ¢o7. a will then work with you to investigate the reported concerns and
determine the best course of action to address the Issue. This is an informal process and not part of the final report
reconsideration process.
There are two levels of reconsideration for the EOC program. The first step is with The second step is
with the Tennessee Department of Commerce and Insurance (TDCI). After receiving the Final Performance Report in
August and in the event that a Quarterback has concerns regarding the program provider payment and/or metrics
accuracy of the final performance report, the Quarterback will submit a formal Reconsideration request as detailed
below:
Within 30 business days following the date of the final performance report notification, Providers have the right to
submit a written request for reconsideration to | will review and respond within 30 business
days of receipt of the reconsideration.
Steps for submitting a written reconsideration request:
Reconsideration requests need to be sent in writing to J via mail or email: Mail: I Community
Care
Attn: Provider Relations — Episodes of Care 22 Century Blvd., Suite 220
Nashville, TN 37214
Email: agpepisode.reporting GE com
Please provide a detailed rationale to support the reconsideration request to include:
° Identification of each performance result (payment and metrics) to be reconsidered
° Identification of the contested result calculated
° A detailed explanation of why the Provider believes the determination is incorrect
° Any other relevant information to support the Provider's reconsideration request
If the Quarterback does not object in writing to a final reconsideration within 30 days following the receipt of
GEE conciliation report, the Quarterback will be deemed to have accepted such reconciliation
If a Provider is dissatisfied with the result of the reconsideration process or ' fails to respond to the
reconsideration request within 30 days from the received date of the payment dispute, the Provider may submit a
Provider Complaint about specific claims or an episode directly to TDCI. This is an option instead of starting the
independent review process which is detailed below. To submit a Provider Complaint to TDCI the Provider will access
the Provider Complaint Form: a Program Episode of Care Cycle, Provider Gain/Risk Share Total Complaint.
Instructions for completing the form can be obtained on the State website,
https://www.tn.gov/content/dam/tn/commerce/documents/tcoversight/forms/
PROVIDERCOMPLAINTEOCFORM111416.pdf. TDCI will process the complaint within a few days of receipt and
alow aa 30 calendar days to investigate and respond accordingly. This process is estimated to take no
longer than jays. However, please note that unlike the independent review protocol, this process is informal and
not binding for either party.
The Provider may also submit concerns to the Commissioner of the Department of Commerce and Insurance for an
independent review of the disputed claims as set forth in T.C.A. 56-32-126. The Independent Review Process is
available to Providers to resolve episodes of care disputes. It is understood that in the event Providers file a request
with the Commissioner for independent review the dispute, shall be governed by T.C.A. 56-32-126(b).
—— 24 —_——
© 2022 April — Tennessee, Inc.
©7022 Aor a’ ne

The request to the Commissioner for Independent Review of Disputed earn Claim form and instructions for
completing the form, sample copies of requests to the commissioner for independent review, and FAQ developed by
the State of Tennessee Department of Commerce and Insurance can be obtained on the State website
(tn.gov/commerce>Our Divisions> Oversight>MCo Dispute Resolution>Independent Review Process).
Section IX - Program Changes
will review program components as defined by and update them as necessary.
will modify or amend the Program as determined by 30-days' written notice to the Provider.
Section X - Cooperation and Review
Provider, on behalf of itself and/or its Quarterbacks, agrees to cooperate with Ter in all ways which affect
TennCare's Payment Reform Initiatives. Provider shall be responsible for promptly reviewing any and all reports
provided to Quarterbacks by hereunder. Provider and/or Quarterbacks shall, within 30 days of receipt of
such reports, notify in ng of any discrepancies or inaccuracies in such reports.
Section XI - Business Associate Agreement
In the event Provider is not a “covered entity", as such term is defined in the HIPAA Regulations; a Business
Associate Agreement shall be executed and made a part thereof. Provider acknowledges that if it is not a covered
entity, ae : unable to disclose to Provider any protected health information regarding any Covered Person
until a Business ociate Agreement is fully effective between the parties hereto.
GE PROVIDER EPISODE-BASED RETROSPECTIVE PAYMENT:
THRESHOLDS 2022 Waves 1-9 ATTACHMENT
Provider Episode Episode-Based Retrospective Payment: 2022 Thresholds Waves 1-9
Episodes Threshold for Quality Indicators Linked To Acceptable Commendable Gain Share | Effective
P Gain Sharing Threshold Threshold Limits Date
1. Follow-up care within the
post-trigger window $1,172 $254
2. iat dicati
Appropriate medications Jan 2022
within the trigger and post- 60%
trigger window
1. C-Section Rate
37% $8,251 $3,643
Perinatal
2. Group B strep screening rate $6,248 Jan 2022
3. HIV screening rate
. Related admission during the >
Total Joint Replacement st-trigeer window 10% $27,737 $5,773 $5,020
posemrigs' Jan 2022
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement 2022 Episode-Based Retro
Paynont Allacvent 22 a7
© 2022 April — Tennessee, Inc.
©7022 Aor a’ nc

E Follow-up care within the post- waa?
COPD Acute Exacerbation ee 45% $3,147 $1,134
= Jan 2022
’ — $192
No quality metrics linked to
Colonoscopy . is " ity eric"! $1,364 $675
gain sharing Jan 2022
, erm cami $2,209
Hospital ad th t-
Cholecystectomy ‘ es a ee 10% $6,333 $3,465
rigger window Jan 2022
, praca $5,870 $5,104
= saimission in the post 10% $25,330
rigger window Jan 2022
Hospital admission in the post-
Non-acute PCI triezer window
= Jan 2022
is $3,200
Follow-up care within the post-
— ~ hii ~
trigger window
ED visit within the post-trigger
— “ ~ al ~
window
. . ED visit within the post-trigger 5 ia
Respiratory Infection window 10%’
Jan 2022
. Follow-up care within the post- sci ae
Presents trigger window
= Jan 2022
1. Admission within the trigger
window for ED triggered 5%
: - episodes
Soi = — $166 $116
sciesaiail 2. Admission within the trigger Jan 2022
window for non-ED triggered 5%
episodes
. : supe $677
Urinary Tract Infection Follow-up care within the post-
(UTI) Inpatient trigger window as ee aes
e = Jan 2022
Attention Deficit and Minimum Care requirement of $788 $255 $58
Hyperactivity Disorder 5 visits/claims during the 70%
(ADHD) episode window Jan 2022
Long-acting stimulants for
a 23 lia”
© 2022 April — Te I
BE Tennessee, Inc

W
AV
E 4
members aged 6 to 11.
Long-acting stimulants for 
members aged 12 to 20 80%
Utilization of therapy for 
members aged 4 and 5 1 Visit
Bariatric Surgery Follow-up care within the post-
trigger window 30% $13,544 $7,284
$3,721
Jan 2022
Coronary Artery Bypass 
Graft (CABG)
Follow-up care within the post-
trigger window NA NA NA NA
Jan 2022
Congestive Heart Failure 
(CHF) Acute Exacerbation
Follow-up care within the post-
trigger window 60% $9,968 $3,811
$583
Jan 2022
Oppositional Defiant 
Disorder (ODD)
Minimum Care requirement of 
6 therapy or level 1 case 
management visit during the 
episode window
30% $2,685 $340
$287
Jan 2022
Valve repair and 
replacement
Follow-up care within the post-
trigger window NA NA NA NA Jan 2022
Breast Biopsy
Appropriate diagnostic workup 
rate 90%
$2,965 $994
$550
Jan 2022
Core needle biopsy rate 85%
Otitis media
OME episodes without 
antibiotics filled 25%
$263 $120 $35 Jan 2022
Non-OME episode with 
amoxicillin filled 60%
Tonsillectomy Bleeding up to two days 
following the procedure 5%1 $3,815
$2,216 $1,038
Jan 2022
SSTI
Bacterial cultures when I&D 
performed-higher is better 50%
$413 $172
$35
Jan 2022SSTI episodes with a first line 
antibiotic 85%
HIV Periodic ART refill NA NA NA NA Jan 2022
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement 2022 Episode-Based Retro 
Payment Attachment
© 2022 April –   Tennessee, Inc.
02/13/2023
24 #

W
AV
E 6
Pancreatitis Follow-up care within 14 days 35% $17,844
$2,020 $1,756
Jan 2022
Diabetes Acute 
Exacerbation
Follow-up care within the first 
14 days 30%
$7,747
$3,764
$1,399
Jan 2022
 Provider Episode Episode-Based Retrospective Payment: 2022Thresholds Waves 1-9
Episodes Threshold for Quality Indicators Linked To
Gain Sharing
Acceptable
Threshold
Commendable
Threshold
Gain Share
Limits
Effective
Date
Back/ Neck Pain Difference in Average MED/day 70%
$600
$217
$42
Jan 2022
Femur/ Pelvic Fracture
1. Follow-up care within the 
post-trigger window NA
NA NA NA
Jan 20222. Difference in Average 
MED/day NA
Knee Arthroscopy Difference in Average MED/day 70%
$4,995
$3,311
$1,788
Jan 2022
Non-operative Ankle Injury Difference in Average MED/day
70%
$469 $191 $49 Jan 2022
Non-operative Knee Injury Difference in Average MED/day 70%
$655
$219
$45
Jan 2022
Non-operative Shoulder 
Injury Difference in Average MED/day 70% $559 $202
$50
Jan 2022
Non-operative Wrist Injury Difference in Average MED/day 70% $524 $240
$49
Jan 2022
Spinal Decompression Difference in Average MED/day 70% $13,161 $5,393 $4,689 Jan 2022
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement 2022 Episode-Based Retro 
Payment Attachment
© 2022 April –   Tennessee, Inc.
02/13/2023
25 #

W
av
e 7 Spinal Fusion
Difference in Average MED/day 70%
$38,424
$10,939
$9,512
Jan 2022
Acute Gastroenteritis
Abdominal or pelvic CT or MRI 
in adults 40%
$1,032 $549 $60
Jan 2022
Abdominal or pelvic CT or MRI 
in children
30%
Antibiotics utilization 30%
Acute Seizure
1. Brain MRI utilization in focal 
epilepsy 10%
$2,397 $954
$223
Jan 20222. Prolonged EEG monitoring 
utilization in newly diagnosed 
seizure
10%
Appendectomy
1. Abdominopelvic CT scans in 
children 50% $7,438 $5,200 $1,522
Jan 2022
2. Difference in Average 
MED/day 70%
Bronchiolitis
1. Related admission during the
post-trigger window 10%
$922 $533
$167
Jan 20222. Utilization of bronchodilators 30%
3. Utilization of steroids 50%
 Provider Episode Episode-Based Retrospective Payment: 2022
 Thresholds Waves 1-9
Episodes Threshold for Quality Indicators Linked to
Gain Sharing
Acceptable
Threshold
Commendable
Threshold
Gain Share
Limits
Effective
Date
Colposcopy 1. LEEP utilization under 26 
years old with no evidence of 
high-grade dysplasia
10%
$588 $286 $86 Jan 2022
2. LEEP utilization with low-
grade dysplasia
10%
GI Obstruction Related follow-up care 20% $25,350 $1,767 $781 Jan 2022
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement 2022 Episode-Based Retro 
Payment Attachment
© 2022 April –   Tennessee, Inc.
02/13/2023
26 #

W
av
e 8
Difference in Average MED/day
70%
Hernia Repair Difference in Average MED/day 70% $5,915 $2,974
$1,541
Jan 2022
Hysterectomy
1. Alternative treatments 20% $8,287 $6,080
$3,932 Jan 2022
2. Related follow-up care 10%
Pediatric Pneumonia
1. Related admission during the
post-trigger window 10%
$1,111 $647 $209
Jan 2022
2. Utilization of macrolides in 
patients under 6 years old 30%
3. Utilization of narrow 
spectrum antibiotics 50%
Syncope Carotid ultrasound imaging in 
adult 10% $956 $280 441 Jan 2022
 Provider Episode Episode-Based Retrospective Payment:  2022
 Thresholds Waves 1-9
Episodes Threshold for Quality Indicators
Linked To Gain Sharing
Acceptable
Threshold
Commendable
Threshold
Gain
Share
Limits
Effective
Date
Wave 9
Cystourethroscopy
1. Difference in average 
MED/day
70%
$1,993 $785 $141 Jan 2022
2. ED visit within the post-
trigger window 10%
3. Repeat 
Cystourethroscopy 5%
Acute Kidney and Ureter 
Stones
1. Difference  in  average
MED/day
70%
$1,755
$582 $302 Jan 2022
2. ED visit within the post-
trigger window 15%
1 Change in quality metric threshold from 2021 CY.
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement 2022 Episode-Based Retro 
Payment Attachment
© 2022 April –   Tennessee, Inc.
02/13/2023
27 #

? New gain-sharing quality metric and threshold for 2022 CY.
Acceptable Cost Threshold: The dollar amount, as determined by J to which the PAP's or QB's risk
adjusted average episode cost (calculated in Section Il below) for a Program Episode will be compared. The
Acceptable Cost Threshold is used to determine the dollar amount of the Shared Risk Payment from the QB to
294 can be found on each interim and final Performance Report provided to the QB.
Commendable Cost Threshold: The dollar amount, as determined by mamircmm to which the QB's average
episode cost for a Program Episode will be compared. If the QB meets all of the quality indicators linked to gain
sharing, the commendable cost threshold is then used to the determine dollar amount of a shared risk payment from
EES: to the QB, subject to the Gain Share Limit. The dollar amount of the commendable cost threshold can be
ound on each interim and final Performance Report provided to the QB.
Additional episodes will be identified as determined by [J and added to this attachment prior to the
beginning of each performance period.
Te ise Provider 2022 Epi Based Retro
rent tanag OO Avene 2 Eon 28 —_—
© 2022 April — T , Inc.

Apri - I Tennessee, Inc

MEDICAID/COVERKIDS
COMMUNITY CARE)
P. ATTACHMENT TO THE
GE PRovipeR AGREEMENT

This is a Medicaid/CoverKids Participation Attachment ("Attachment") to the Fe Provider
Agreement ("Agreement"), entered into by and between MJ and Provider and is incorporated into the
Agreement.

ARTICLE |

DEFINITIONS
The following definitions shall apply to this Attachment. Terms not otherwise defined in this Attachment shall carry
the meaning set forth in the Agreement.
All references to ‘J under this Medicaid Participation Attachment shall mean and refer to
Tennessee, Inc.
| creme Compensation Schedule" ("ACS") means the document(s) attached hereto and incorporated herein by
reference, and which sets forth he Rate(s) and compensation related terms for the Network(s) in which
Provider participates. The ACS may include additional Provider obligations and specific J compensation
related terms and requirements.
“Audit" means a review or audit of any and all obligations, requirements, records and information set forth in this
Participation Attachment by the entities named herein.
“Clean Claim" means, unless otherwise required by applicable state Regulatory Requirements, an accurate and
timely filed Claim submitted pursuant to this Attachment, that has no defect or impropriety, for which all information
necessary to process such Claim and make a benefit determination is included. This includes but is not limited to,
the claim being submitted in a nationally accepted format in compliance with standard coding guidelines, and which
does not require adjustment, or alteration by Provider of the services in order to be processed and paid.
“Cloning of Medical Notes" means documentation is considered cloned when each entry in the medical record for a
beneficiary is worded exactly like or similar to the previous entries. Cloned documentation does not meet Medical
Necessity requirements for coverage of services rendered due to the lack of specific, individual information. All
documentation in the medical record must be specific to the patient and her/his situation at the time of the encounter.
Cloning of documentation is considered a misrepresentation of the Medical Necessity requirement for coverage of
services. Identification of this type of documentation will lead to denial of services for lack of Medical Necessity and
recoupment of all overpayments made.
"Coverkids" includes children under age 19 and Mothers of unborn eligible who do not qualify ‘or but meet
the condition of the State Child Health Plan under Title XXI of the Social Security Act State Children's Health
Insurance Program.
"Eligible" means, for purposes of this Attachment, any person certified by [MJ as eligible to receive services
and benefits under the J program or the Coverkids program.
“Ethical and Religious Directives (ERDs)" means a document that offers moral guidance on various aspects of health
care delivery and is based on a religious organization's theological and moral teachings.
“Medicaid Covered Services" means, for purposes of this Attachment, only those Covered Services provided under
ramerpr Medicaid Program(s), i.e., the package of health care services, including physical health, behavioral
ealth, and long-term care services, that define the covered services available to Jj members.

"Medicaid Member" means, for purposes of this Attachment, a Member who is enrolled a Medicaid
Program(s) under ae For all purposes related to this Attachment, including all schedules, exhibits, provider
manual(s), notices and communications related to this Attachment, the term “Medicaid Member" may be used
interchangeably with the terms Standard Enrollee, ME Mecicaic Enrollee, and the meaning of each
is synonymous with any such other unless otherwise stated in this Attachment.
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicaid Attachment
© 2022 June - Tennessee, Inc. 29 ,
02/13/2023

“Medicaid Program(s)" means, for purposes of this Attachment, a medical assistance program provided under a
Health Benefit Plan approved under Title XVI, Title XIX and/or Title XXI of the Social Security Act or any other federal
or state funded program or product as designated by

“Medically Necessary/Medical Necessity" means:

A. Those services that are recommended by a physician or other licensed healthcare provider practicing within
the scope of the physician's license who is treating the Medicaid Member. A Medically Necessary Medicaid
Covered Service must satisfy each of the following criteria:

(i) It must be required in order to diagnose or treat a Medicaid Member's medical condition. The
convenience of a Medicaid Member, a Medicaid Member's family, or a provider shall not be a factor
or justification in determining that a medical item or service is Medically Necessary;

(ii) It must be safe and effective. To qualify as safe and effective, the type and level of medical item or
service must be consistent with the symptoms or diagnosis and treatment of the particular medical
condition, and the reasonably anticipated medical benefits of the item or service must outweigh the
reasonably anticipated medical risks based on the Medicaid Member's condition and scientifically
supported evidence;

(iii) It must be the least costly alternative course of diagnosis or treatment that is adequate for the
medical condition of the Medicaid Member. When applied to medical items or services delivered in
an inpatient setting, it further means that the medical item or service cannot be safely provided for
the same or lesser cost to the person in an outpatient setting. Where there are less costly
alternative courses of diagnosis or treatment, including less costly alternative settings that are
adequate for the medical condition of the Medicaid Member, more costly alternative courses of
diagnosis or treatment are not Medically Necessary. An alternative course of diagnosis or treatment
may include observation, lifestyle or behavioral changes or, where appropriate, no treatment at all;
and

(iv) It must not be experimental or investigational. A medical item or service is experimental or
investigational if there is inadequate empirically-based objective clinical scientific evidence of its
safety and effectiveness for the particular use in question. This standard is not satisfied by a
provider's subjective clinical judgment on the safety and effectiveness of a medical item or service
or by a reasonable medical or clinical hypothesis based on an extrapolation from use in another
setting or from use in diagnosing or treating another condition such as:

(a) Use of a drug or biological product that has not been approved under a new drug
application for marketing by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and
is deemed experimental; or

(b) Use of a drug or biological product that has been approved for marketing by the FDA
but is proposed to be used for other than the FDA-approved purpose. It will not be
deemed Medically Necessary unless the use can be shown to be widespread, to be
generally accepted by the professional medical community as an effective and proven
treatment in the setting and for the condition for which it is used, and to satisfy the
requirements of subdivisions (A)(i) — (A)(iii).

B. Itis the responsibility of the Medicaid Program ultimately to determine what medical items and services are
Medically Necessary for the Medicaid Program. The fact that a provider has prescribed, recommended or
approved a medical item or service does not, in itself, make such item or service Medically Necessary.
Medical Necessity and Medically Necessary as used in the Agreement shall have the meaning contained in
Tenn. Code Ann. 71-5-144, sme Rule 1200-13-16, and other rules, as applicable. In the
case of enrollees under 21 years of age, services shall be provided in accordance with EPSDT requirements
including federal regulations as described in 42 CFR Part 441, Subpart B, and the Omnibus Budget
Reconciliation Act of 1989.

"State Agency," if used, means a federal, state or local agency, administration, board or other governing body with

jurisdiction over the governance or administration of a Medicaid Program.

“Subcontract" means a contract to perform or assist, even if incidentally or in an auxiliary capacity, in the performance

of all or part of the Provider's duties or obligations under the Agreement and/or this Attachment. An agreement

e222 ne — Tennessee, Inc. Atachment 30 ,

entered into by the Provider with any other organization or person who agrees to perform any administrative function
or service for the Provider specifically related to securing or fulfilling the Provider's obligations a under
the terms of this Attachment when the intent of such an agreement is to delegate the responsibility for any major
service or group of services required by this Attachment. This shall also include any and all agreements between any
and all subcontractors for the purposes related to securing or fulfilling the Provider's obligations to JJ under
the terms of this Attachment.
“Subcontractor” means _ an individual, agency, or organization that pursuant to a Subcontract performs or assists,
even if incidentally or in an auxiliary capacity, in the performance of all or part of the Provider's duties or obligations
under the Agreement and/or this Attachment. Any organization or person who provides any function or service for
the Provider specifically related to securing or fulfilling the Provider's obligations a under the terms of
this Attachment. Subcontractor does not include Provider unless the Provider is responsible for services other than
those that could be covered in a Provider Agreement.

| oxcriram o Program" means the program administered by the single state agency, as designated by

e state an , pursuant to Title XIX of the Social Security Act and the Section 1115 research and
demonstration waiver granted to the State of Tennessee and any successor programs. For purposes of the contract
requirements herein, references to [J or the I Program shall include Coverkids unless otherwise
specified.

7 Kids" means the Early Periodic Screening, Diagnostic and Treatment ("EPSDT") program operated by

The EPSDT service is Medicaid's comprehensive and preventive child health program for individuals

under the age of 21.

ARTICLE Il
SERVICES/OBLIGATIONS

2.1 Participation-Medicaid Network. As a participant in ce aTTETT Medicaid Network, Provider will render
Medicaid Covered Services to Medicaid Members in accordance with the terms and conditions of the
Agreement and this Attachment. Such Medicaid Covered Services provided shall be within the scope of
Provider's licensure, expertise, and usual and customary range of services pursuant to the terms and
conditions of the Agreement and this Attachment, and Provider shall be responsible to for
his/her/its performance hereunder. Except as set forth in this Attachment or the re:
Schedule ("ACS"), all terms and conditions of the Agreement will apply to Provider's participation in
Tannen! Medicaid Network. The terms and conditions set forth in this Attachment are limited to the
provision of and payment for Health Services provided to Medicaid Members.

2.2 Provider's Duties and Obligations to Medicaid Members. All of Provider's duties and obligations to Members
set forth in the Agreement shall also apply to Medicaid Members unless otherwise specifically set forth in
this Attachment. Provider shall not discriminate in the acceptance of Medicaid Members for treatment, and
shall provide to Medicaid Members the same access to services, including but not limited to, hours of
operation, as Provider gives to all other patients. Provider shall furnish Lara with at least ninety (90)
days prior written notice if Provider plans to close its practice to new patients or ceases to continue in
Provider's current practice.

2.2.1 To the extent mandated by Regulatory Requirements, Provider shall ensure that Medicaid
Members have access to twenty-four (24) hour-per-day, seven (7) day-per-week urgent and
Emergency Services, as defined in the ACS.

2.2.2. Unless otherwise required under Regulatory Requirements, a PCP, as defined in the ACS, shall
provide Covered Services or make arrangements for the provision of Covered Services to Medicaid
Members on a twenty-four (24) hour-per-day, seven (7) day-per-week basis to assure availability,
adequacy, and continuity of care to Medicaid Members. If Provider is unable to provide Covered
Services, Provider shall arrange for another Participating Provider to cover Provider's patients in
accordance with reread Policies. Provider and any PCPs employed by or under contract
with Provider may arrange for Covered Services to Medicaid Members to be performed by a
Specialist Physician only in accordance with J Policies.

2.2.3. If Provider is furnishing Specialist Physician services under this Attachment, Provider and the
Specialist Physician(s) employed by or under contract with Provider, shall accept as patients all
Medicaid Members and may arrange for Covered Services to Medicaid Members to be performed
by Specialist Physician only in accordance with J Policies.

2002 june - | Tennessee, Inc. Atachment 31 ,

2.2.4 Provider may not refuse to provide Medically Necessary or covered preventive services to a child
under the age of twenty-one (21) or a Medicaid Member under this Attachment for non-medical
reasons. However, Provider shall not be required to accept or continue treatment of a patient with
whom Provider feels he/she cannot establish and/or maintain a professional relationship.

2.3 Provider Responsibility. ia shall not be liable for, nor will it exercise control or direction over, the
manner or method by which Provider provides Health Services to Medicaid Members. Provider shall be
solely responsible for all medical advice and services provided by Provider to Medicaid Members. Provider
acknowledges and agrees that may deny payment for services rendered to a Medicaid Member
which it determines are not Medically Necessary, are not Medicaid Covered Services under the applicable
Medicaid Program(s), or are not otherwise provided or billed in accordance with the Agreement and/or this
Attachment. A denial of payment or any action taken pursuant to a utilization review, referral,
discharge planning program or claims adjudication s not be construed as a waiver of Provider's
obligation to provide appropriate Health Services to a Medicaid Member under applicable Regulatory
Requirements and any code of professional responsibility. However, this provision does not require Provider
to provide Health Services if Provider objects to such service on moral or religious grounds.

2.4 Reporting Fraud and Abuse. Provider shall cooperate with anti-fraud compliance program. If
Provider identifies any actual or suspected fraud, abuse or misconduct in connection with the services
rendered hereunder in violation of Regulatory Requirements, Provider shall immediately report such activity
directly to the compliance officer oe mand or through the compliance hotline in accordance with the
provider manual(s) or to he Office of Program Integrity. In addition, Provider is not limited in any
respect in reporting other actual or suspected fraud, abuse, or misconduct to

2.5 a Marketing/Information Requirements. Provider agrees to abide by a
marketing/information requirements. Provider shall forward to for prior approv: ers,
brochures, letters and pamphlets Provider intends to distribute to Members concerning its payor
affiliations, or changes in affiliation or relating directly to the population. Provider will not distribute
any marketing or recipient informing materials without the consen o or | Provider
shall not use serene name or trademark for any materials intended for dissemination to Medicaid
Members unless said material has been submitted to ger > for review and approval.
This prohibition shall not include references to whether or not Provider participates in

2.6 Schedule of Benefits and Determination of Medicaid Covered Services. eanteanem shall make available
upon Provider's request schedules of Medicaid Covered Services for applicable Medicaid Program(s), and
will notify Provider in a timely manner of any material amendments or modifications to such schedules.
rear will not issue any payments to Provider until Provider has obtained a Tennessee Medicaid
provider number and has complied with the disclosure requirements, as applicable, in accordance with 42
CFR 455.100 through 106 na policies and procedures.

2.7 Medicaid Member Verification. Provider shall establish a Medicaid Member's eligibility for Medicaid Covered
Services prior to rendering services, except in the case of an Emergency Condition, as defined in the ACS,
where such verification may not be possible. In the case of an Emergency Condition, Provider shall
establish a Medicaid Member's eligibility as soon as reasonably practical. a provides for member
eligibility verification 24/7/365 on its website. Nothing contained in this Attachment or the Agreement shall, or
shall be construed to, require advance notice, coverage verification, or pre-authorization for Emergency
Services, as defined in the ACS, provided in accordance with the federal Emergency Medical Treatment and
Labor Act ("EMTALA") prior to Provider's rendering such Emergency Services.

2.8 Hospital Affiliation and Privileges. To the extent required under SE c1ecentiaiing requirements,
Provider or any Participating Providers employed by or under contract or subcontract with Provider shall
maintain privileges to practice at one or more of  cainmneis participating hospitals. In addition, in
accordance with the Change in Provider Information Section of the Agreement, Provider shall immediately
not in the event any such hospital privileges are revoked, limited, surrendered, or suspended
at any hospital or healthcare facility.

2.9 Participating Provider Requirements. If Provider is a group provider, Provider shall require that all
Participating Providers employed by or under contract or subcontract with Provider comply with all terms and
conditions of the Agreement and this Attachment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Provider acknowledges
and agrees that is not obligated to accept as Participating Providers all providers employed by
or under contract or subcontract with Provider.

2002 june - | Tennessee, neat’ Atachment 32 ,

2.10 Coordinated and Managed Care. Provider shall participate in utilization management and care management
programs designed to facilitate the coordination of services as referenced in the applicable provider
manual(s).

2.11 Representations and Warranties. Provider represents and warrants that all information provided to
METI is true and correct as of the date such information is furnished, and that Provider is unaware of
any undisclosed facts or circumstances that would make such information inaccurate or misleading.
Provider further represents and warrants that Provider: (i) is legally authorized to provide the services
contemplated hereunder; (ii) is qualified to participate in all applicable Medicaid Program(s); (iii) is not in
violation of any licensure or accreditation requirement applicable to Provider under Regulatory
Requirements; (iv) has not been convicted of bribery or attempted bribery of any official or employee of the
jurisdiction in which Provider operates, nor made an admission of guilt of such conduct which is a matter of
record; (v) is capable of providing all data related to the services provided hereunder in a timely manner as
reasonably required by scmrimeurd to satisfy its internal requirements and Regulatory Requirements,
including, without limitation, data required under the Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set
("HEDIS") and National Committee for Quality Assurance ("NCQA") requirements; and (vi) is not, to
Provider's best knowledge, the subject of an inquiry or investigation that could foreseeably result in Provider
failing to comply with the representations set forth herein. In accordance with the Change in Provider
Information Section of the Agreement, Provider shall immediately provide [J with written notice of
any material changes to such information.

2.11.1 Provider shall conduct criminal background checks and registry checks, which shall include a check
of the Tennessee Abuse Registry, National and Tennessee Sexual Offender Registry, in
accordance with state law and J policy.

2.12 Third Party Liability. Provider agrees to identify third party liability coverage, including Medicare and long-
term care insurance as applicable, and except as otherwise required, seek such third party liability payment
before submitting claims to

2.13 a: If Provider furnishes EPSDT services under the ramen Kids program, upon request,

shall make available to Provider a description of the package of benefits hat Kids
offers and require providers to make treatment decisions based upon children's individual medical and
behavioral health needs. In furnishing such J Kids services, Provider shall comply with the
requirements set forth in the provider manual.
ARTICLE Ill
COMPENSATION AND AUDIT

3.1 Submission and Adjudication of Medicaid Claims. Unless otherwise instructed, or required by Regulatory
Requirements, Provider shall submit Claims to vrs using appropriate and current Coded Service
Identifier(s), within one hundred twenty (120) days from the date the Health Services are rendered or
rm may refuse payment. a is the secondary payor, the one hundred twenty (120) day
period will not begin until Provider receives notification of primary payor's responsibility.

3.1.1 In situations of enrollment in with a retroactive eligibility date, the time frames for filing a
claim shall begin on the date that receives notification rom of the Medicaid
Member's eligibility/enrollment. Provider agrees to submit Claims in a format consistent with
industry standards and acceptable to Lica either (a) electronically through electronic data
interchange ("EDI"), or (b) if electronic submission is not available, utilizing paper forms as defined
by the National Uniform Claim Committee ("“NUCC").

3.1.2 Provider agrees to provide iii” unless otherwise instructed, at no cost a or
the Medicaid Member, all information necessary (or to determine its payment liability.
Such information includes, without limitation, accurate and Clean Claims for Covered Services. If
aa asks for additional information in order to process the Claim, Provider must provide

at information within sixty (60) days, or before the expiration of the one hundred twenty (120) day
period referenced in section 3.1 above, whichever is longer.

3.1.3 namic will provide for prompt payment to the Provider upon receipt of a Clean Claim properly
submitted by the Provider within the required time frames as specified in TCA 56-32-126. All Clean
Claims will be adjudicated in accordance with the terms and conditions of a Medicaid Member's

2002 june - | Tennessee, neat’ Atachment 33 ,

Health Benefit Plan, the ACS, the provider manual(s), and the Regulatory Requirements applicable
to I Medicaid Program(s).

3.2 This provision intentionally left blank.

3.3 Audit for Compliance with CMS Guidelines. Notwithstanding any other terms and conditions of the
Agreement, this Attachment, or the ACS, [J has the same rights as CMS, to review and/or Audit
and, to the extent necessary recover payments on any claim for Medicaid Covered Services rendered
pursuant to this Attachment and the Agreement to ensure compliance with CMS Regulatory Requirements.

3.4 State Audit Requirements. Provider shall maintain books, records, documents, and other evidence
pertaining to Medicaid Covered Services rendered, equipment, staff, financial records, medical records, and
the administrative costs and expenses incurred pursuant to this Attachment as well as medical information
relating to the individual Medicaid Members, as required for the purposes of audit, or administrative, civil
and/or criminal investigations and/or prosecution or for the purposes of complying with State Agency
requirements regarding the reporting and investigation of fraud and abuse. Records other than medical
records may be kept in an original paper state or preserved on micromedia or electronic format. Medical
records shall be maintained in their original form or may be converted to electronic format as long as the
records are readable and/or legible. As a condition of participation in micuem enrollees and providers
shall give saan or its authorized representative, DIDD, the Office of the Comptroller of the Treasury,
and any health oversight agency, such as OIG, TBI MFCU, DHHS Office of Inspector General (DHHS OIG),
and DOJ, and any other authorized state or federal agency, access to their records. Said records shall be
made available and furnished immediately upon request by the provider in either paper or electronic form, at
no cost to the requesting party, for fiscal audit, medical audit, medical review, utilization review, and other
periodic monitoring as well as for administrative, civil and criminal investigations or prosecutions upon the
request of an authorized representative O Laan or authorized federal, state and Office of
the Comptroller of the Treasury personnel, including, but not limited to DIDD, the OIG, the TBI MFCU, the
DHHS OIG and the DOJ. Said records are to be provided by the Provider at no cost to the requesting
agency; records, books, documents, etc., shall be made immediately available for any authorized federal,
state agency, including, but not limited a or its designees, Comptroller of the Treasury, the Office
of the Inspector General (OIG), the Medicaid Fraud Control Unit (MFCU), the Department of Health and
Human Services, Office of Inspector General (DHHS, OIG) and the Department of Justice (DOJ) personnel
during the Attachment period and ten (10) years thereafter, unless an audit, administrative, civil or criminal
investigation or prosecution is in progress or audit findings or administrative, civil or criminal investigations or
prosecutions are yet unresolved in which case records shall be kept until all tasks or proceedings are
completed. Said records are to be provided by Provider at no cost to the requesting agency. During the
Attachment period, Provider agrees to make these records available at a location in Tennessee as agreed
upon by the parties subject to the approval State Agency. If the records need to be sent to State Agency or
RE vices shall bear the expense of duplication and delivery of the medical records. Prior
approval of the disposition of Provider's records must be requested and approved by State Agency. Without
in any way limiting the foregoing, as a condition of receiving any amount of sicwenn or
TennCarepayment, Provider shall comply with the fraud and abuse requirements set forth in the Contract
Risk Agreement and the Provider Manual.

ARTICLE IV
COMPLIANCE WITH FEDERAL REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS

4.1 Federal Funds. Provider acknowledges that payments Provider receives ron to provide
Medicaid Covered Services to Medicaid Members are, in whole or part, from feder: nds. Therefore,
Provider and any of his/her/its subcontractors are subject to certain laws that are applicable to individuals
and entities receiving federal funds, which may include but are not limited to, Title VI of the Civil Rights Act
of 1964 as implemented by 45 CFR Part 80; the Age Discrimination Act of 1975 as implemented by 45 CFR
Part 91; the Americans with Disabilities Act; the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 as implemented by 45 CFR part
84, lobbying restrictions as implemented by 45 CFR Part 93 and 31 USC 1352, Title IX of the Education
Amendments of 1972, as amended (20 U.S.C. sections 1681, 1865-1866, and 1783) and any other
regulations applicable to recipients of federal funds.

4.2 Surety Bond Requirement. If Provider provides home health services or durable medical equipment,
Provider shall comply with all applicable provisions of Section 4724(b) of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997,
including, without limitation, any applicable requirements related to the posting of a surety bond.

© 2002 une ~ | Tennessee, Inc. Atachment 34 ,

4.3 Laboratory Compliance. If Provider renders lab services in the office, it must maintain a valid Clinical
Laboratory Improvement Amendments ("CLIA") certificate for all laboratory testing sites and comply with
CLIA regulations at 42 CFR Part 493 for all laboratory testing sites performing Health Services pursuant to
this Attachment.

44 Gratuities. Provider certifies that no member or delegate of Congress, nor any elected or appointed official
or employee of the State of Tennessee, the United States General Accounting Office, United States
Department of Health and Human Services, CMS, or any other federal agency has or will benefit financially
or materially due to influence in obtaining Agreement. This Agreement may be terminated > at
the discretion a if it is determined that gratuities of any kind were offered to or received by any of
the aforementioned officials or employees from the Provider or the Provider's agent or employees.

4.5 Reassignment of Payment. Any reassignment of payment must be made in accordance with 42 CFR 447.10
and all tax-reporting entities must execute a billing agent or alternative payee assignment agreement in
order to assign amram funds/payments. Billing agents and alternative payees are subject to monthly
federal exclusion and debarment screenings while the assignment is ongoing.

4.6 Federal 340B Program. If Provider participates in the federal 340B program, Provider shall give ammnenm
the benefit of Provider's 340B pricing. This requirement shall be enforced in accordance with the guidance
as provided by

4.7 Exclusion and Debarment Screening. Provider shall comply with all federal requirements (42 C.F.R. § 1002)
on exclusion and debarment screening. Providers that bill and/or receive funds as the result of
this Participation Agreement shall screen its owners and employees against the General Services
Administration (GSA) System for Award Management (SAM) and the HHS-OIG List of Excluded
Individuals/Entities (LEIE). In addition, Provider shall screen its owners and employees against the Social
Security Master Death File. Any unallowable funds made to excluded individuals as full or partial wages
and/or benefits shall be refunded to and/or obtained by the State and/or dependent upon the
entity that identifies the payment of unallowable funds to excluded individuals.

4.7.1 Provider shall screen its employees and contractors initially and on an ongoing, monthly basis to
determine whether any of them have been excluded from participation in Medicare, Medicaid,
SCHIP, or any Federal health care programs (as defined in Section 1128B(f) or 1156 of the Social
Security Act and 42 CFR 455.101) and not employ or contract with an individual or entity that has
been excluded or debarred. The Provider shall be required to immediately report a any
exclusion information discovered. Civil monetary penalties may be imposed against providers who
employ or enter into contracts with excluded individuals or entities to provide items or services to
EE Members.

4.8 Referral_Incentive/Kickbacks. Provider agrees to abide by the Medicaid laws, regulations and program
instructions that apply to the Provider. Provider understands that payment of a claim by Tere is
conditioned upon the claim and the underlying transaction complying with such laws, regulations, and
program instructions (including, but not limited to, the Federal anti-kickback statute and the Stark law), and
is conditioned on the Provider's compliance with all applicable conditions of participation in Medicaid. The
Provider understands and agrees that each claim the Provider submits to mmm constitutes a
certification that the Provider has complied with all applicable Medicaid laws, regulations and program
instructions (including, but not limited to, the Federal anti-kickback statute and the Stark law), in connection
with such claims and the services provided therein.

ARTICLE V
COMPLIANCE WITH STATE REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS

5.1 Indemnification of State. In addition to the Indemnification provision of the Agreement, Provider shall, at all
times, indemnify and hold harmless the State, its agencies, officers, and employees (hereinafter the
“Indemnified Parties") from all claims and suits, including court costs, attorney's fees, and other expenses,
brought against the Indemnified Parties, because of injuries or damages received or sustained by any
person, persons, or property that is caused by any act or omission of Provider.

5.1.1 | The Provider shall indemnify and hold harmless the State of Tennessee and its Indemnified Parties
from all claims, losses or suits incurred by or brought against the Indemnified Parties as a result of
the failure of the Provider to comply with the terms of this Attachment. The State of Tennessee
shall give the Provider written notice of each such claim or suit and full right and opportunity to

2002 june - | Tennessee, Inc. Atachment 35 ,

conduct Provider's own defense thereof, together with full information and all reasonable
cooperation; but the State of Tennessee does not hereby accord to the Provider, through its
attorneys, any right(s) to represent the State of Tennessee or MM in any legal matter, such
right being governed by TCA 8-6-106.

5.1.2. The Provider shall indemnify and hold harmless the Indemnified Parties from all claims or suits
which may be brought against the Indemnified Parties for infringement of any laws regarding
patents or copyrights which may arise from the Provider's or Indemnified Parties performance
under this Attachment. In any such action, brought against the Indemnified Parties, the Provider
shall satisfy and indemnify the Indemnified Parties for the amount of any final judgment for
infringement. The State of Tennessee shall give the Provider written notice of each such claim or
suit and full right and opportunity to conduct the Provider's own defense thereof, together with full
information and all reasonable cooperation; but the State of Tennessee does not hereby accord to
the Provider, through its attorneys, any right(s) to represent the State of Tennessee or
in any legal matter, such right being governed by TCA 8-6-106.

5.1.3. While the State of Tennessee will not provide a contractual indemnification to the Provider; such
shall not act as a waiver or limitation of any liability for which the State of Tennessee may otherwise
be legally responsible to the Provider. The Provider retains all of its rights to seek legal remedies
against the State of Tennessee for losses the Provider may incur in connection with the furnishing
of services under this Agreement or for the failure of the State of Tennessee to meet its obligations
under the Agreement.

5.2 Medicaid Hold Harmless. Provider shall accept payment or appropriate denial made by Amergroup (or, if
applicable, payment by that is supplementary to the member's third party payer) plus the
amount of any i sharing responsibilities, as payment in full for Medicaid Covered
Services provided to Medicaid Members. Provider agrees that in no event, including, but not limited to non-
payment by LETT ESTTETSM insolvency, or breach of this Attachment, shall Provider solicit or
accept any surety or guarantee of payment from a Medicaid Member for Medicaid Covered Services in
excess of the amount of applicable a cost sharing responsibilities. Provider agrees it shall not seek
payment from the Medicaid Member, his/her representative or the State for any Health Services rendered
pursuant to this Attachment, with the exception of Cost Shares, if any, or payment for non-Medicaid Covered
Services otherwise requested by, and provided to, the Medicaid Member if the Medicaid Member agrees in
writing to pay for the service prior to the service being rendered. Medicaid Member shall include the patient,
parent(s), guardian, spouse or any other legally responsible person of the Member being served. The form
of agreement must specifically state the admissions, services or procedures that are non-Medicaid Covered
Services and the approximate amount of out of pocket expense to be incurred by the Medicaid Member.
Provider agrees not to bill Medicaid Members for missed appointments while enrolled in the Medicaid
Programs. This provision shall remain in effect even in the event J becomes insolvent.

5.3 State Agency Government Contract. Provider shall comply with the terms applicable to providers set forth in
the Government Contract, including incorporated documents, between racecar and Srna which
applicable terms are incorporated herein by reference. J) agrees to provide Provider with a
description of the applicable terms upon request. For the purposes of this Attachment all references to
Government Contract shall mean and refer to eer Contractor Risk Agreement ("CRA") regarding
requirements for operation and administration of the managed care Jj program, including CHOICES
and I/DD MLTSS Programs.

5.4 Performance Within the U.S. Provider agrees that all services to be performed herein shall be performed in
the United States of America. Breach, or anticipated breach, of the foregoing shall be a material breach of
this Attachment and, without limitation of remedies, shall be cause for immediate termination of the
Agreement and this Attachment.

5.5 No Payment Outside the United States. Provider agrees hat shall not provide any payments for
items or services provided under the Agreement to any financial institution or entity located outside the
United States of America.

5.6 Overpayments. Notwithstanding Provider's obligation to return an overpayment upon notification from
emma Provider must comply with BEE Policies and procedures regarding requirement to report,
including written notification, provider initiated refunds of overpayments to —_,,
Office of Program Integrity (OPI) and, when it is applicable, returning overpayments to within

2002 june - | Tennessee, Inc. Atachment 36 ,

sixty (60) days from the date the overpayment is identified. Overpayments that are not returned within sixty
(60) days from the date the overpayment was identified may be a violation of state or federal law.

5.7 Use_of Independent Review. Provider shall have the right to avail itself of the Provider
Independent Review of Disputed Claims process to resolve claims denied in whole or in part by
as provided at TCA 56-32-126(b).

5.8 Care to Pregnant Women. Any unreasonable delay in providing care to a pregnant Medicaid Member
seeking prenatal care will be considered a material breach of this Attachment. “Unreasonable delay" in
providing care for pregnant Medicaid Members shall mean the following: (a) for Medicaid Members in their
first trimester of pregnancy, in excess of three (3) weeks from the date of the Medicaid Member's request for
regular appointments and 48 hours from the date of the Medicaid Member's request for urgent care; and (b)
for Medicaid Members past their first trimester of pregnancy, on the day they are determined to be eligible a
first prenatal care appointment shall occur no later than fifteen (15) calendar days from the day they are
determined to be eligible.

5.9 No Conflict with Government Contract. If any requirement in this Attachment is determined > to
conflict with the Government Contract provision ), such requirement shall be deemed null and void, but all
other provisions of this Attachment shall remain in full force and effect.

5.10 Care Coordination for CHOICES Members. Provider shall facilitate notification of the Medicaid Member's
care coordinator by notifying the manent in accordance with the a processes, as
expeditiously as warranted by the Medicaid Member's circumstances, of any known significant changes in
the Medicaid Member's condition or care, hospitalizations, or recommendations for additional services.

5.11 Cooperation with CHOICES Nursing Facility Diversion Plan. If Provider is a hospital (including a psychiatric
hospital), Provider shall cooperate with in developing and implementing protocols as part of
a nursing facility diversion plan, which shall include, at a minimum, the hospital's obligation to
promptly notify mira upon admission of an Medicaid Member regardless of payor source for the
hospitalization; how the hospital will identify members who may need home health, private duty nursing,
nursing facility, or CHOICES HCBS upon discharge, and how the hospital will engage in the
discharge planning process to ensure that Medicaid Members receive the most appropriate and cost-
effective Medically Necessary services upon discharge.

5.12 Ethical and Religious Directives (“ERDs"). Should an issue arise at the time of service, the Provider shall
inform members ha has additional information on providers and procedures that are
covered by The Provider is not required to make specific recommendations or referrals.

5.13 Pharmacy Services. Provider shall coordinate with [MM Pharmacy Benefit Management (PBM)
regarding authorization and payment for pharmacy services.

5.14 Reporting Abuse and Neglect. Provider shall report suspected abuse, neglect, and exploitation of adults in
accordance with TCA 71-6-103 and shall report suspected brutality, abuse, or neglect of children in
accordance with TCA 37-1-403 and TCA 37-1-605.

5.15 Encounter Data Requirements. Provider shall submit complete and accurate utilization and/or encounter
data for any services provided that are reimbursed under a global, e.g., global procedures codes for
obstetric care, or capitated payment arrangement. Provider shall submit utilization and/or encounter data as
specified by am in a timely manner to support individual services provided, so as to ensure
 apmare lity to Submit encounter data Ron that meets the same standards of completeness
and accuracy as required for proper adjudication of fee-for-service claims.

5.16 Provider Change of Ownership. In the event Provider has a change of ownership, the new owner/provider
shall provide to | a bill of sale (or equivalent) and documentation from the appropriate State of
Tennessee licensing entity stating that the new owner is allowed to operate under the existing license until
such time as a new license is issued. shall issue a new Medicaid ID based on this provider-
submitted documentation, and 5 reimburse the new provider based on rates provided by
RITE to Te aT on the next weekly rate file following Tenncare's receipt of the new provider's

ocumentation. Notwithstanding this foregoing, any assignment of the Attachment shall be consistent with
the Assignment provision of the Agreement.

2002 june - | Tennessee, neat’ Atachment 37 ,

5.17 Permitted Sanctions. In the event Provider fails to meet any performance standard or other requirement or
rule of the ara or any standard or rule existing under applicable law pertaining to the services
provided hereunder including, without limitation, Section 1200-13-13-.08 of TennCare’s Rules and
regulations, or fails to perform its obligations hereunder in accordance with the terms of this Attachment,
a may assess liquidated damages, sanctions or reductions in payment in an amount equal to any
penalty assessed by [J or under applicable law, against due to such performance
standard not having been met or due to the breach of such requirement, rule or obligation under this
Attachment. Liquidated damages, sanctions or payment reductions for selected failures of performance will
be specifically set forth in the provider manual.

5.18 Non-Discrimination. In addition to the Provider Non-discrimination provision of the Agreement. No person on
the grounds of handicap, and/or disability, age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or any other
classifications protected under federal or state laws shall be excluded from participation in, except as
specified in Section A.2.3.5, of the Government Contract, or be denied benefits of, or be otherwise subjected
to discrimination in the performance of Provider's obligation under its agreement with or in the
employment practices of the Provider. Provider will cooperate with and/or ey |
as applicable, during discrimination complaint investigations and report discrimination complaints an
allegations iy including allegations of discrimination as set forth in the CRA, i.e., any instance of
disrespectful or inappropriate communication, e.g., humiliation harassment, threats of punishment or
deprivation, intimidation or demeaning or derogatory communication (vocal, written, gestures) or any other
acts pertaining to a person supported that is not directed to or within eyesight or audible range of the person
supported and does not meet the definition of emotional or psychological abuse. Provider will assist any
Medicaid Covered Person in obtaining discrimination complaint forms and contact information for
ame nondiscrimination office. Provider shall, upon request, show proof of such nondiscrimination
compliance and shall post notices of nondiscrimination in conspicuous places available to all employees,
BE applicants, and enrollees.

5.19 Records Availability and Retention. In addition to the rarer Access to and Requests for Provider
Records provision of the Agreement, Provider shall immediately make available to a ae
or its authorized representatives, federal or state personal, including but not limited to, ; :
DOJ and the DHHS OIG, and Office of the Comptroller of the Treasury ("Representatives"), in a usable
form, any or all records, whether medical or financial, related to Provider's activities undertaken pursuant to
this Attachment and the services provided to Medicaid Members. Provider shall have an adequate record
system and maintain all records for ten (10) years from the termination of the Agreement or retained until all
evaluations, audits reviews, investigations or prosecutions are completed for recording enrollee services,
servicing providers, charges, dates and all other commonly accepted information elements for services
rendered to enrollees pursuant to the Agreement (including but not limited to such records as are necessary
for the evaluation of the quality, appropriateness, and timeliness of services performed under the Agreement
and administrative, civil or criminal investigations and prosecutions).

5.19.1 Provider shall make all records (including, but not limited to, financial and medical records)
pertaining to services rendered under this Attachment available at Provider's expense for
administrative, civil and/or criminal review, audit, evaluation, inspection, investigation and/or
prosecution by authorized federal and state personnel, including acca Representatives
and or any duly authorized state or federal designee. Access will be either through on-
site review of records or mailed copies at TennCare's or the State Agency's discretion and during
normal business hours, unless there are exigent circumstances, in which case access will be at any
time at TennCare's or the State Agency's discretion Requested records shall be provided at no
expense to aca or State Agency, its Representative, aera or any duly authorized
state or federal designee. Paper records must be signed by rendering provider; electronic records
must have capability of affixing an electronic signature to notes added by rendering provider.

5.19.2 Provider shall make all records, including, but not limited to, financial, administrative and medical
records available to the State Agency, its Representatives, a: authorized
state or federal designee. The State Agency, its Representatives, or any duly
authorized state or federal designee or entity shall have the right to evaluate through inspection,
evaluation, review or request, whether announced or unannounced, or other means, any record
pertinent to this Attachment, including but not limited to medical records, billing records, financial
records, and/or any records related to services rendered, quality, appropriateness and timeliness of
services and/or any records relevant to an administrative, civil and/or criminal investigation and/or
prosecution, and such evaluation, inspection, review or request, when performed or requested,
shall be performed with the immediate cooperation of the Provider. Such records are to be

2002 june - | Tennessee, Inc. Atachment 38 ,

provided at no charge to the requesting agency. Upon request, the Provider shall assist in such
reviews, and provide complete copies of medical records. Any authorized federal or State
government agency, rarer its Representative,  rarirareen or any duly authorized state or
federal designee, may use these records to carry out their authorized duties, reviews, audits,
administrative, civil and/or criminal investigations and/or prosecutions.

5.19.3 and Provider recognize that in the event of termination of the CRA between

and for any reason(s) described therein, Provider shall immediately make
available, to or its designated representative, in a usable form, any or all records,
whether medical or financial, related to the provider's activities undertaken pursuant to this
Agreement. The provision of such records shall be at no expense to

5.19.4 Provider acknowledges that HIPAA regulations do not bar disclosure of protected health
information (PHI) to health oversight agencies, including, but not limited to, the Comptroller of the
Treasury, OIG, MFCU, DHHS OIG and DOJ.

5.19.5 ramet State Agency, CMS, or their Representatives shall, at all reasonable times, have the
right to enter into the Provider's premises, or such other places where duties of this Attachment are
being performed, to inspect, monitor, or otherwise evaluate including periodic audits of the work
being performed. The Provider shall supply reasonable access to all facilities and assistance for
federal, J or State Agency's representatives.

5.20 Medical Records. Provider shall maintain medical records in a manner that is current, detailed and
organized, and that permits effective and confidential patient care and quality review, administrative, civil
and/or criminal investigations and/or prosecutions.

5.20.1 Provider shall have medical record keeping practices that are consistent with 42 CFR 456 and
current NCQA standards for medical record documentation, in accordance vith policies
and procedures regarding confidentiality of medical records, medical record documentation
standards and standards for the availability of medical records. Provider shall obtain all necessary
releases, consents and authorizations from Medicaid Members with respect to their medical
records to permit eae access to such records. Records related to appeals shall be
forwarded within the tmetirames specified in the appeal process section of the provider manual.
Such requests made by J or IY shall not be unreasonable.

5.20.2 Medical records shall be maintained and be available at the site where Medicaid Covered Services
are rendered. Medicaid Members (including individuals age 16 or older for behavioral health
records and including individuals age 14 or older for non-behavioral health records), and their
legally appointed representatives shall be given access to the Medicaid Member's medical records,
to the extent and in the manner provided by TCA 63-2-101, 63-2-102 and 33-3-104 et seq., and,
subject to reasonable charges as defined in TCA 63-2-102, (except as provided section 5.20.3
below) may be given copies thereof upon request and to request that they be amended or
corrected.

5.20.3 In the event a patient-provider relationship with a Medicaid Program primary care provider ends
and the Medicaid Member requests that medical records be sent to a second Medicaid Program
provider who will be the Medicaid Member's primary care provider, the first provider shall not
charge the Medicaid Member or the second provider for providing one set of medical records.

5.20.4 If Provider furnishes Behavioral Health Care Services, Provider shall maintain medical records in
conformity with TCA 33-3-101 et seq. for persons with serious emotional disturbance or mental
illness. If Provider furnishes Behavioral Health Care Services, Provider shall maintain medical
records of persons whose confidentiality is protected by 42 CFR Part 2 in conformity with that rule
or TCA 33-3-103, whichever is more stringent. . Provider shall maintain Behavioral Health
Records at the Provider level for ten (10) years from the termination of the Agreement or retained
until all evaluations, audits reviews, investigations or prosecutions are completed for recording
enrollee services, servicing providers, charges, dates and all other commonly accepted information
elements for services rendered to enrollees pursuant to the Agreement (including but not limited to
such records as are necessary for the evaluation of the quality, appropriateness, and timeliness of
services performed under the Agreement and administrative, civil or criminal investigations and
prosecutions).

2002 june - | Tennessee, Inc. Atachment 39 ,

5.21 Monitoring. Provider acknowledges that | may monitor the quality of services delivered by
Provider hereunder and may initiate corrective action when necessary to improve quality of care in
accordance with that level of medical or behavioral health care which is recognized as acceptable
professional practice in the respective community in which Provider practices and/or the standards
established » Provider shall comply with corrective action plans initiated by cepa
Provider acknowledges that La ear has the right to monitor Medicaid Covered Services rendered by
Provider to Medicaid Members in accordance with this Attachment and Policies and procedures
that are made known to Provider, and that such monitoring may be announced or unannounced. Provider
shall participate and cooperate in any internal and external QM/QI, monitoring, utilization review, peer review
and/or appeal procedures established by i and/or aay

5.22 Services to a Children. Provider shall not encourage or suggest in any way that State Agency
children be placed in state custody in order to receive medical, behavioral, or long-term care services
covered by the Medicaid Program.

5.23 Non-Covered Services. Provider acknowleges that any services not listed in the State of Tennessee
ome: Program Rules and Regulations Chapter 1200-13-13-.04 (or 1200-13-14-.04, as applicable) and

e Government Contract at Section A.2.6 BENEFITS/SERVICES REQUIREMENTS AND LIMITS or
pS Bureau policies and procedures as "Covered Services" must receive prior approval in writing by
and CMS.

5.24 Reports, Provider Manual and Member Handbook. a shall provide to Provider such utilization
profiles or other reports, if any, that Saige IS required to provide to Provider under Regulatory
Requirements. In —_— shall provide its Tennessee Provider Directory to Provider. Pursuant
to TCA 63-51-110, posts an updated provider network directory on its website every twenty-one
(21) business days. Provider shall timely submit all reports and clinical information required a
aera shall provide a copy of the applicable provider manual and Member Handbook, whether by its
website or otherwise.

5.25 Conflict of Interest and Lobbying. Provider provides assurance that no part of the total Agreement amount
received by Provider under this Agreement shall be paid directly, indirectly or through a parent organization,
subsidiary or an affiliated organization to any state or federal officer or employee of the State of Tennessee
or any immediate family member of a state or federal officer or employee of the State of Tennessee as
wages, compensation, or gifts in exchange for acting as officer, agent, employee, subcontractor, or
consultant to the Provider in connection with any work contemplated or performed relative to this Agreement
unless otherwise disclosed to the Commissioner, Tennessee Department of Finance and Administration. For
purposes of this section, “immediate family member" shall mean a spouse or minor child(ren) living in the
household. Provider shall ensure that it maintains adequate internal controls to detect and prevent conflicts
of interest from occurring at all levels of its organization. Provider further provides assurance that no part of
the total Agreement amount received by Provider have been used, directly or indirectly, for any Lobbying
activities.

5.26 Provider-Preventable Conditions. Provider understands and agrees that no payment will be made to
Provider for any provider-preventable conditions which have been identified > or
pursuant to Regulatory Requirements. In addition, Provider shall identify provider-preventable conditions
that are associated with claims for services provided under the Medicaid Program hereunder or with courses
of treatment furnished to Medicaid Members for which payment under the Medicaid Program would
otherwise be available.

5.27 Language and Translation Services. Provider shall have written procedures for the provision of language
assistance services to Medicaid Members and/or the Medicaid Member's representative. Language
assistance services include interpretation and translation services and effective communication assistance
in alternative formats for any Medicaid Member and/or Medicaid Member's representative who requires such
services including, but not limited to, Medicaid Members with limited English proficiency and individuals with
disabilities or who are hearing impaired. Provider shall provide interpreter and translation services, and
employ appropriate auxiliary aids and services, free of charge to Medicaid Members and furnish a copy of
such procedures to upon request.

5.28 Capitation Arrangement. In the event Provider and ere enter into a capitated payment arrangement
for Medicaid Covered Services and Provider becomes aware for any reason that he or she is not entitled to
a capitation payment for a particular enrollee (a Medicaid Member dies, for example), the Provider shall
immediately notify both JE and I by certified mail, return receipt requested.

2002 june - | Tennessee, neat’ Atachment 40 ,

5.29 Alternative Claims Processing. In the event that deems a’ unable to timely process and
reimburse Claims and requires Torma to submit Provider Claims Tor reimbursement to an alternative
claims processor to ensure timely reimbursement, Provider shall agree to accept reimbursement at
GEE contracted reimbursement rate or the rate established by JJ whichever is greater.

5.30 Informal Resolution of Disputes. Notwithstanding the Dispute Resolution and Arbitration provisions of the
Agreement, in the event of a dispute arising out of this Attachment that is not resolved and Provider has
exhausted any other applicable provider appeal and/or provider dispute resolution procedures under the
Agreement, the parties shall seek good faith informal resolution of the dispute prior to pursuing any external
remedies, subject to applicable law. Any party may initiate the informal resolution process by sending a
written description of the dispute to the other parties by certified or registered mail or personal delivery. The
description shall explain the nature of the dispute in detail and set forth a proposed resolution, including a
specific time frame within which the parties must act. The party receiving the letter must respond in writing
within thirty (30) days with a detailed explanation of its position and a response to the proposed resolution.
Within thirty (30) days of the initiating party receiving this response, principals of the party who have
authority to settle the dispute will meet to discuss the resolution of the dispute. The initiating party shall
initiate the scheduling of the meeting. In the event the parties are unable to resolve the dispute following
exhaustion of the grievance and appeal process and the negotiation or mediation, a party shall pursue
remedies at law or equity.

5.31 Provider Insurance.

5.31.1 If the Provider is State owned and/or operated: The State of Tennessee, including the University of
Tennessee, is prohibited by law from agreeing to provide indemnity. In addition, the General
Assembly for the State of Tennessee does not authorize the State agencies or employees to
provide, carry, or maintain commercial General Liability Insurance or Medical, Professional or
Hospital Liability Insurance. Claims against the State of Tennessee, or its employees, for injury,
damages, expenses or attorney's fees are heard and determined by the Tennessee Claims
Commission or the Tennessee Board of Claims in the manner prescribed by law. See Tenn. Code
Ann. §§ 8-42-101 et seq., 9-8-101 et seq., 9-8-301 et seq., and 9-8-410 et seq. Provider as a
governmental entity is not required to provide workers compensation insurance. It does, however,
provide a fully funded injured on duty benefit program for its employees.

5.31.2 _ If the Provider is a local government owned and operated: The Provider, being a Tennessee local
governmental entity (Such as a county or municipality), is governed by the provisions of the
Tennessee Government Tort Liability Act, Tennessee Code Annotated, Sections 29-20-101 et seq.,
for causes of action sounding in tort. Further, no contract provision requiring a Tennessee political
entity to indemnify or hold harmless the State beyond the liability imposed by law is enforceable
because it appropriates public money and nullifies governmental immunity without the authorization
of the General Assembly. Provider as a governmental entity is not required to provide workers
compensation insurance. If the Provider does not maintain workers compensation insurance it
does, however, provide a fully funded injured on duty benefit program for its employees.

5.31.3 _ If the Provider is a non-profit corporation duly existing and organized under the laws of the State of
Tennessee which is a Federally Qualified Health Center as defined in 42 C.F.R. §405.2401,
Provider is an entity to which the Federal Tort Claims Act may apply. For so long as Provider
qualifies as an “employee” in accordance with Section 224 (g) of the Public Health Service Act
("PHS"), located at 42 U.S.C. § 223(g), as amended, Provider shall have its liability limits defined
by Section 224(a) of the Federal Tort Claims Act. As an employee under the PHS, Provider carries
no professional liability insurance; however, it is insured for general liability. This general liability
insurance is for the benefit of the Provider only and provides no indemnification for any other entity
whatsoever. The Provider agrees to produce proof of adequate professional liability insurance for
the Provider's professional employees who perform any professional services under this
Agreement and are not covered by the Federal Tort Claims Act. To the extent required by
Regulatory Requirements, Provider shall maintain workers' compensation insurance for Provider's
employees. In the event that Provider loses its status as an “employee” pursuant to Section 224(g)
of the PHS, Provider shall maintain professional liability insurance, including maintaining such tail
or prior acts coverage necessary to avoid any gap in coverage for claims arising from incidents
occurring during the term of this Agreement. Such insurance shall (i) be obtained from a carrier
authorized to issue coverage in the jurisdiction in which Provider operates, except for permitted
self-insurance; and (ii) maintain minimum policy limits equal to $1,000,000.00 per occurrence and

e222 ne — Tennessee, Inc. Atachment 41 ,

$3,000,000.00 in the aggregate, or such other coverage amounts as prescribed by applicable
Regulatory Requirements and consented to Provider shall maintain general liability
insurance covering Provider's premises, insuring Provider against any claim of loss, liability, or
damage caused by or arising out of the condition or alleged condition of said premises, or the
furniture, fixtures, appliances, or equipment located therein, and if Provider operates motor vehicles
in connection with Provider's services, with liability protection against any loss, liability or damage
resulting from the operation of such motor vehicles by Provider, Provider's employees or agents.
Such general liability insurance shall contain commercially reasonable coverage limits, or such
limits as prescribed by Regulatory Requirements.
ARTICLE VI

TERMINATION

6.1 Termination of Medicaid Participation Attachment. Either party may terminate this Attachment without cause
by giving at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior written notice of termination to the other party.

6.2 Termination of Government Contract. If a Government Contract between mere and ERIE!
terminates, expires or ends for any reason or is modified to eliminate a Medicaid Program, this Attachment
shall have no further force or effect with respect to the applicable Medicaid Program. In the event of said
termination, Provider shall immediately make available a or its designees, in a usable form, any
or all records, whether medical or financial, related to Provider's activities undertaken pursuant to the
Government Contract. The provision of such records shall be at no expense to J or its designees.

6.3 Effect of Termination. Following termination of this Attachment, the remainder of the Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect, if applicable. In addition, upon termination of this Attachment but subject to
the Continuation of Care provision(s) and applicable Regulatory Requirements, any references to services,
reimbursement, or participation in Networks related to the Medicaid Program are hereby terminated in full
and shall have no further force and effect.

ARTICLE VII
GENERAL PROVISIONS

7.1 Regulatory Amendment. Notwithstanding the Amendment provision in the Agreement, this Attachment shall
be automatically modified to conform to required changes to Regulatory Requirements related to Medicaid
Programs without the necessity of executing written amendments. TennCarereserves the right to direct
ease to terminate or modify this Attachment when aaa determines it to be in the best interest of

e State of Tennessee.

7.2 Inconsistencies. In the event of an inconsistency between terms and conditions of this Attachment and the
terms and conditions as set forth in the Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Attachment shall
govern. Except as set otherwise forth herein, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement remain in full
force and effect.

7.3 Disclosure Requirements. In accordance with Regulatory Requirements, Provider agrees to disclose
complete ownership, control and relationship information ("Disclosures") in accordance with 42 CFR
455.100 through 455.106. Provider further agrees to notify within fourteen (14) days of any
changes to the Disclosures. Providers that bill and/or co a funds as the result of the
Agreementcontract shall submit routine disclosures in accordance with timeframes specified in 42 CFR Part
455, Subpart B, gare and ona policies and procedures, including at the time of initial
contracting, contract renewal, at any time there is a change to any of the information on the disclosure form
or disclosing entity, at least once every three (3) years, and at any time upon request. Providers may satisfy
this requirement may be satisfied through TennCare's provider registration process. Failure to provide
Disclosures as required under Regulatory Requirements shall be deemed a material breach of this
Attachment and the Agreement.

7.4 Subcontracting Requirements. In addition to the Use of Subcontractors provision in the Agreement, Provider
shall obtain written approval from ema prior to execution of all Subcontracts for the provision of
services a Medicaid Members, subject to J submission and receipt of approval of
such Subcontracts by the Tennessee Department of Commerce and Insurance. The word "subcontract"
here has its usual legal meaning not the defintion used in the CRA. Failure by Provider to obtain written
approval from aE for a Subcontract may lead to the contract being declared null and voidby
HE Claims submitted by the Subcontractor or by Provider for services furnished by the unapproved

2002 june - | Tennessee, Inc. Atachment 42 ,

subcontractor are considered to be improper payments and may be considered false claims. Any such
improper payments may be subject to action under federal and state false claims statutes or be subject to be
recouped by EE and/or I as overpayment.

7.5 Survival of Attachment. Provider further agrees that: (1) the hold harmless and continuation of care sections
shall survive the termination of this Attachment or disenrollment of the Medicaid Member; and (2) these
provisions supersede any oral or written contrary agreement now existing or hereafter entered into between
Provider and a Medicaid Member or persons acting on their behalf that relates to liability for payment for, or
continuation of, Medicaid Covered Services provided under the terms and conditions of these provisions.

© 2022 June — | Tennessee, Inc. 43 ,

02/13/2023

MEDICARE ADVANTAGE
PARTICIPATION ATTACHMENT TO THE
PROVIDER AGREEMENT
This  is  a  Medicare  Advantage  Participation  Attachment  ("Attachment")  to  the   Provider  Agreement
("Agreement"), entered into by and between  and Provider and is incorporated into the Agreement.
ARTICLE I 
DEFINITIONS
The following definitions shall apply to this Attachment.  Terms not otherwise defined in this Attachment shall carry
the meaning set forth in the Agreement.
All references to "  under this Medicare Advantage Participation Attachment shall mean and refer to
 Texas, Inc.
"Clean Claim" means a Claim that has no defect or impropriety, including a lack of required substantiating
documentation, or particular circumstances requiring special treatment that prevents timely payment from
being made on the Claim.  A Claim is clean even though  refers it to a medical specialist within
 for examination.  If additional documentation (e.g., a medical record) involves a source outside
 then the Claim is not considered clean.
"CMS" is defined as set forth in Article I of the Agreement.
"Downstream Entity(ies)" means any party that enters into a written arrangement, acceptable to CMS, with
persons or entities involved with the  Medicare Advantage benefit, below the  level of the  arrangement
between  and a First Tier Entity.  These written arrangements continue down to the level of the
ultimate provider of both health and administrative services.
"Emergency Condition" is defined as set forth in the ACS.
"Emergency Services" is defined as set forth in the ACS.
"First Tier Entity(ies)" means any party that enters into a written agreement, acceptable to CMS, with
 to provide administrative services or health care services for a Medicare eligible Member under
the Medicare Advantage Program.
"Medically Necessary" or "Medical Necessity" means care for which CMS determines is reasonable and
necessary under Medicare for services, supplies, or drugs that are needed for the prevention, diagnosis, or
treatment of MA Member's medical condition and meet accepted standards of medical practice.
"Medicare" means the Health Insurance for the Aged Act, Title XVIII of the Social Security Act, as then
constituted or later amended.
"Medicare Advantage Covered Services ("MA Covered Services")" means, for purposes of this Attachment,
only those Covered Services provided under  Medicare Advantage Program.
"Medicare Advantage Member ("MA Member")" means, for purposes of this Attachment, a Member who is
covered under a Medicare agreement between CMS and  under Part C of Title XVIII of the
Social Security Act ("Medicare Advantage Program") and for  DSNP Medicare Program, the
beneficiary is also entitled to Medicaid under Title XIX of the Social Security Act, see 42 USC §1396 et seq..
"Medicare Advantage Network" means Network of Providers that provides MA Covered Services to MA
Members.
"Related Entity(ies)" means any entity that is related to  by common ownership or control and (1)
performs some of  management functions under contract or delegation; (2) furnishes services
to  MA  Member  under  an  oral  or  written  agreement;  or  (3)  leases  real  property  or  sells  materials  to
 at a cost of more than twenty-five hundred dollars ($2,500) during a contract period.
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicare Advantage Attachment
© 2022 August -  Tennessee, Inc. v.2
02/13/2023
44 #

"Urgently  Needed  Care"  means  MA  Covered  Services  provided  when  a  MA  Member  is  either:  (1)
temporarily absent from  Medicare Advantage service area and such MA Covered Services are
Medically Necessary and immediately required:  (a) as a result of an unforeseen illness, injury, or condition;
and  (b)  it  was  not  reasonable,  given  the  circumstances,  to  obtain  the  services  through  
Medicare Advantage Network; or (2) under unusual and extraordinary circumstances, the MA Member is in
the service area but  Network is temporarily unavailable or inaccessible and such MA Covered
Services are Medically Necessary and immediately required: (a) as a result of an unforeseen illness, injury,
or  condition;  and  (b)  it  was  not  reasonable,  given  the  circumstances,  to  obtain  the  services  through
 Medicare Advantage Network.
ARTICLE II 
SERVICES/OBLIGATIONS
2.1 Participation-Medicare Advantage
. As a participant in  Medicare Advantage Network, Provider
will render MA Covered Services to MA Members enrolled in  Medicare Advantage Program in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement and this Attachment. Except as set forth in this
Attachment, or in the ACS, all terms and conditions of the Agreement will apply to Provider's participation in
 Medicare Advantage Program(s). The terms and conditions set forth in this Attachment are
limited to the provision of and payment for Health Services provided to MA Members. This Agreement does
not apply to any of  Medicare Advantage Private Fee for Service or Medical Savings Account
Programs. If  contracts with a third party to manage all or any portion of its Medicare Advantage
Network, then Provider shall be required to contract separately with such third party to maintain its status as
a Participating Provider for such Network(s).
2.1.1 New Programs .  Provider acknowledges that  has or may develop Medicare Advantage
Networks that support certain products, programs or plans with specific participation criteria that
may include but are not limited to, quality and/or cost of care metrics.  Pursuant to this Agreement,
Provider shall be a Participating Provider in any such Network unless  notifies Provider
in writing to the contrary.   shall notify Provider sixty (60) days in advance of any
specific Network participation criteria. Any notice of non-inclusion in any of  Medicare
Advantage Network(s) shall be provided in writing sixty (60) days in advance.
2.2 This provision intentionally left blank.
2.3 Accountability/Oversight .  delegates to Provider its responsibility under its Medicare Advantage
contract with CMS to provide the services as set forth in this Attachment to MA Members.   may
revoke  this  delegation,  including,  if  applicable,  the  delegated  responsibility  to  meet  CMS  reporting
requirements, and thereby terminate this Attachment if CMS or  determine that Provider has not
performed  satisfactorily.   Such  revocation  shall  be  consistent  with  the  termination  provisions  of  the
Agreement and this Attachment.  Performance of Provider shall be monitored by  on an ongoing
basis as provided for in this Attachment. Provider further acknowledges that  shall oversee and
is  accountable  to  CMS  for  the  functions  and  responsibilities  described  in  the  Medicare  Advantage
Regulatory Requirements and ultimately responsible to CMS for the performance of all services. Further,
Provider acknowledges that  may only delegate such functions and responsibilities in a manner
consistent with the standards as set forth in 42 CFR § 422.504(i)(4).
2.4 Accountability/Credentialing
. Both parties acknowledge that accountability shall be in a manner consistent
with the requirements as set forth in 42 CFR § 422.504(i)(4).  Therefore the following are acceptable for
purposes of meeting these requirements:
2.4.1 The  credentials  of  medical  professionals  affiliated  with   or  Provider  will  be  either
reviewed by  if applicable; or
2.4.2 The credentialing process will be reviewed and approved by  and  must
audit Provider's credentialing process and/or delegate's credentialing process on an ongoing basis.
2.5 Medicare Provider . Provider must have a provider and/or supplier agreement, whichever is applicable, with
CMS that permits Provider to provide services under original Medicare.
ARTICLE III 
ACCESS: RECORDS/FACILITIES
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicare Advantage Attachment
© 2022 August -  Tennessee, Inc. v.2
02/13/2023
45 #

3.1 Inspection  of  Books/Records .  Provider  acknowledges  that   Health  and  Human  Services
Department ("HHS"), the Comptroller General, or their designees have the right to timely access to inspect,
evaluate and audit any books, contracts, medical records, patient care documentation, and other records of
Provider,  or  his/her/its  First  Tier,  Downstream  and  Related  Entities,  including  but  not  limited  to
subcontractors or transferees involving transactions related to  Medicare Advantage contract
through ten (10) years from the final date of the contract period or from the date of the completion of any
audit, or for such longer period provided for in 42 CFR § 422.504(e)(4) or other Regulatory Requirements,
whichever is later.  For the purposes specified in this section, Provider agrees to make available Provider's
premises, physical facilities and equipment, records relating to  MA Member, including access
to  Provider's  computer  and  electronic  systems  and  any  additional  relevant  information  that  CMS  may
require.  Provider acknowledges that failure to allow HHS, the Comptroller General or their designees the
right to timely access under this section can subject Provider to a fifteen thousand dollar ($15,000) penalty
for each day of failure to comply.
3.2 Confidentiality
.  In addition to the confidentiality requirements under the Agreement, each party agrees to
abide by all Regulatory Requirements applicable to that party regarding confidentiality and disclosure for
mental health records, medical records, other health information, and MA Member information. Provider
agrees to maintain records and other information with respect to MA Member in an accurate and timely
manner; to ensure timely access by MA Member to the records and information that pertain to him/her; and
to safeguard the privacy of any information that identifies a particular MA Member.  Information from, or
copies of, records may be released only to authorized individual. Provider must ensure that unauthorized
individuals cannot gain access to or alter patient records.  Original medical records must be released only in
accordance with Regulatory Requirements, court orders or subpoenas.  Both parties acknowledge that
 HHS, the Comptroller General or its designee have the right, pursuant to section 3.1 above, to
audit and/or inspect Provider's premises to monitor and ensure compliance with the CMS requirements for
maintaining the privacy and security of protected health information ("PHI") and other personally identifiable
information ("PII") of MA Member.
ARTICLE IV 
ACCESS: BENEFITS AND COVERAGE
4.1 Non-Discrimination
.  Provider shall not deny, limit, or condition the furnishing of Health Services to MA
Member of  on the basis of any factor that is related to health status, including, but not limited to
medical condition; claims experience; receipt of health care; medical history; genetic information; evidence
of insurability, including conditions arising out of acts of domestic violence; or disability.
4.2 Direct Access
.  Provider acknowledges that MA Member may obtain covered mammography screening
services and influenza vaccinations from a participating provider without a referral and that MA Member who
are women may obtain women's routine and preventive Health Services from a participating women's health
specialist without a referral.
4.3 No Cost Sharing
. Provider acknowledges that covered influenza vaccines and pneumococcal vaccines are
not subject to MA Member Cost Share obligations.
4.4 Timely Access to Care . Provider agrees to provide MA Covered Services consistent with Amerigroup's: (1)
standards for timely access to care and member services; (2) policies and procedures that allow for MA
Member Medical Necessity determinations; and (3) policies and procedures for Provider's consideration of
MA Member input in the establishment of treatment plans.
4.5 Accessibility to Care .  A Provider who is a primary care provider, or a gynecologist or obstetrician, shall
provide Health Services or make arrangements for the provision of Health Services to MA Member on a
twenty-four (24) hour per day, seven (7) day a week basis to assure availability, adequacy and continuity of
care to MA Member.  In the event Provider is not one of the foregoing described providers, then Provider
shall provide Health Services to MA Member on a twenty-four (24) hour per day, seven (7) day a week basis
or  at  such  times  as  Health  Services  are  typically  provided  by  similar  providers  to  assure  availability,
adequacy, and continuity of care to MA Member.  If Provider is unable to provide Health Services as
described  in  the  previous  sentence,  Provider  will  arrange  for  another  Participating  Provider  to  cover
Provider's patients in Provider's absence.
ARTICLE V 
BENEFICIARY PROTECTIONS
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicare Advantage Attachment
© 2022 August -  Tennessee, Inc. v.2
02/13/2023
46 #

5.1 Cultural Competency .  Provider shall ensure that MA Covered Services rendered to MA Members, both
clinical and non-clinical, are accessible to all MA Members, including those with limited English proficiency
or  reading  skills,  with  diverse  cultural  and  ethnic  backgrounds,  the  homeless,  and  MA  Members  with
physical and mental disabilities.  Provider must provide information regarding treatment options in a cultural-
competent manner, including the option of no treatment.  Provider must ensure that MA Members with
disabilities  have  effective  communications  with  participants  throughout  the  health  system  in  making
decisions regarding treatment options.
5.2 Health Assessment . Provider acknowledges that  has procedures approved by CMS to conduct
a health assessment of all new MA Members within ninety (90) days of the effective date of their enrollment.
Provider agrees to cooperate with  as necessary in performing this initial health assessment.
5.3 Identifying  Complex  and  Serious  Medical  Condition
.  Provider  acknowledges  that   has
procedures  to  identify  MA  Members  with  complex  or  serious  medical  conditions  for  chronic  care
improvement initiatives; and to assess those conditions, including medical procedures to diagnose and
monitor them on an ongoing basis; and establish and implement a treatment plan appropriate to those
conditions, with an adequate number of direct access visits to specialists to accommodate the treatment
plan.  To the extent applicable, Provider agrees to assist in the development and implementation of the
treatment plans and/or chronic care improvement initiatives.
5.4 Advance Directives
. Provider shall establish and maintain written policies and procedures to implement MA
Members'  rights  to  make  decisions  concerning  their  health  care,  including  the  provision  of  written
information  to  all  adult  MA  Members  regarding  their  rights  under  Regulatory  Requirements  to  make
decisions regarding their right to accept or refuse medical treatment and the right to execute an advance
medical directive.  Provider further agrees to document or oversee the documentation in the MA Members'
medical records whether or not the MA Member has an advance directive, that Provider will follow state and
federal requirements for advance directives and that Provider will provide for education of his/her/its staff
and the community on advance directives.
5.5 Standards  of  Care
.  Provider  agrees  to  provide  MA  Covered  Services  in  a  manner  consistent  with
professionally recognized standards of health care.
5.6 Hold Harmless .  In addition to the hold harmless provision in the Agreement, Provider agrees that in no
event, including but not limited to non-payment by  insolvency of  or breach of the
Agreement,  shall  Provider  bill,  charge,  collect  a  deposit  from,  seek  compensation,  remuneration  or
reimbursement from, or have any recourse against a MA Member or persons other than  acting
on their behalf for MA Covered Services provided pursuant to this Attachment.  This section does not
prohibit the collection of supplemental charges or Cost Shares on  behalf made in accordance
with the terms of the MA Member's Health Benefit Plan or amounts due for services that have been correctly
identified in advance as a non-MA Covered Service, subject to medical coverage criteria, with appropriate
disclosure  to  the  MA  Member  of  their  financial  obligation.  This  advance  notice  must  be  provided  in
accordance with the CMS regulations for Medicare Advantage organizations.  CMS regulations require that
a coverage determination be made with a standard denial notice (Notice of Denial of Medical Coverage (or
Payment)/CMS-10003) for a non-Covered Service when such Health Service is typically not covered, but
could be covered under specific conditions.  If prior to rendering the non-Covered Service, Provider obtains,
or instructs the MA Member to obtain, a coverage determination of a non-Covered Service(s), the MA
Member can be held financially responsible for non-Covered Services.  However, if a service or item is
never  covered  by  the   such  as  a  statutory  exclusion,  and  the  MA  Member's  Evidence  of
Coverage ("EOC") clearly specifies that the service or item is never covered, the Provider does not have to
seek a coverage determination from  in order to hold the MA Member responsible for the full cost
of the service or item.  Additional information, related requirements and the process to request a coverage
determination can be found in the Provider Guidebook.  Both Parties agree that failure to follow the CMS
regulations can result in Provider's financial liability.
5.6.1 Dual Eligibles.
 Provider further agrees that for MA Members who are dual eligible beneficiaries for
Medicare and Medicaid, that Provider will ensure he/she/it will not bill the MA Member for Cost
Sharing that is not the MA Member's responsibility and such MA Members will not be held liable for
Medicare Parts A and B Cost Sharing when the State is liable for the Cost Sharing.  In addition,
Provider agrees to accept  payment as payment in full or Provider should bill the
appropriate state source.
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicare Advantage Attachment
© 2022 August -  Tennessee, Inc. v.2
02/13/2023
47 #

5.7 Continuation of Care-Insolvency . Provider agrees that in the event of  insolvency, termination
of the CMS contract or other cessation of operations, MA Covered Services to MA Members will continue
through the period for which the premium has been paid to  and services to MA Members
confined in an inpatient hospital on the date of termination of the CMS contract or on the date of insolvency
or other cessation of operations will continue until their discharge.
5.8 Out of Network Referrals and Transfers
. In addition to the Cost Effective Care provision in the Agreement,
Provider shall seek authorization from  prior to referring or transferring an MA Member to a non-
Participating Provider. For  HMO Medicare Advantage Network, if a Participating Provider is
not accessible or available for a referral or transfer, then Provider shall call  for an authorization.
If, however, a Participating Provider is accessible and available for a referral or transfer, then Provider shall
transfer or refer the MA Member to such Participating Provider.  For  PPO MA Members,
Provider shall advise the MA Member that an out of network referral is being made, and shall ensure that the
MA Member understands and agrees  to be financially responsible for any additional costs related to such
out of network service.
ARTICLE VI 
COMPENSATION AND AUDIT
6.1 Submission and Adjudication of Medicare Advantage Claims
.  Unless otherwise instructed in the provider
manual(s)  or Policies  applicable  to  Medicare Advantage  Program,  or  unless required  by
Regulatory Requirements, Provider shall submit Claims to  using appropriate and current Coded
Service Identifier(s), within ninety (90) days from the date the Health Services are rendered or 
will refuse payment. If  is the secondary payor, the ninety (90) day period will not begin until
Provider receives notification of primary payor's responsibility.
6.1.1 Provider agrees to provide to  unless otherwise instructed, at no cost to  or
the MA Member, all information necessary for  to determine its payment liability.  Such
information  includes,  without limitation,  accurate  and  Clean Claims  for  MA Covered  Services.
Once  determines  has any payment liability, all Clean Claims will be paid in
accordance with the terms and conditions of a MA Member's Health Benefit Plan, the ACS, and the
provider manual(s).
6.1.2 Provider agrees to submit Claims in a format consistent with industry standards and acceptable to
 either (a) electronically through electronic data interchange ("EDI"), or (b) if electronic
submission  is  not  available,  utilizing  paper  forms  as  defined  by  the  National  Uniform  Claim
Committee ("NUCC").
6.1.3 If  asks for additional information so that  may process the Claim, Provider
must provide that information within sixty (60) days, or before the expiration of the ninety (90) day
period referenced in section 6.1 above, whichever is longer.
6.2 Prompt Payment
.  agrees to make best efforts to pay a majority of Clean Claims for MA Covered
Services submitted by or on behalf of MA Members, within forty-five (45) days of receipt by 
 agrees  to make best efforts  to  pay  all  remaining  Clean  Claims  for  MA  Covered  Services
submitted by or on behalf of MA Members, within sixty (60) days of receipt by 
agrees to make best efforts to pay all non-Clean Claims for MA Covered Services submitted by or on behalf
of  MA  Members  within  sixty  (60)  days  of  receipt  by   of  the  necessary  documentation  to
adjudicate the Clean Claim.
6.3 Audit  for  Compliance  with  CMS  Guidelines
.  Notwithstanding  any  other  terms  and  conditions  of  the
Agreement,  has the same rights as CMS, to review and/or Audit and, to the extent necessary
recover payments on any claim for MA Covered Services rendered pursuant to this Agreement to insure
compliance with CMS Regulatory Requirements.
ARTICLE VII 
REPORTING AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS
7.1 Risk Adjustment Documentation and Coding Reviews and Audits
. Provider is required in accordance with 42
CFR  §  422.310(e)  to  submit  medical  records  for  MA  Members  for  the  purpose  of  validation  of  Risk
Adjustment Data (as defined below in section 7.2) as requested by   Provider is also required to
comply with all other medical record requests from  for other governmental (e.g., CMS, Office of
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicare Advantage Attachment
© 2022 August -  Tennessee, Inc. v.2
02/13/2023
48 #

Inspector  General  (OIG))  and/or   documentation  and  coding  review  and  audit  activities.
Accordingly,  or its designee, shall have the right, as set forth in section 3.4 of the Agreement to
obtain  copies  of  such  documentation  on  at  least  an  annual  basis  or  otherwise  as   may
reasonably require.  Provider agrees to provide copies of the requested medical records to  or its
designee, within fourteen (14) calendar days from Amerigroup's, or its designee's, and/or any Agency's
written request, unless sooner required by CMS or such other Agency.  Such records shall be provided to
 or its designee, or a governmental agency, at no additional cost to  its designee or
such  Agency.  Provider  also  agrees  to  participate  in  education  and/or  remediation,  as  required  by
 based on the outcome of any documentation and coding reviews and/or audits.
7.2 Data  Reporting  Requirements .  Provider  shall  provide  to   all  information  necessary  for  or
requested by  to enable  to meet its data reporting and submission obligations to
CMS, including but not limited to, data necessary to characterize the context and purpose of each encounter
between a MA Member and the Provider ("Risk Adjustment Data"), and data necessary for or requested by
 to enable  to meet its reporting obligations under 42 CFR §§ 422.516 and 422.310
or under any subsequent or additional regulatory provisions or CMS guidance. In accordance with CMS
Regulatory Requirements,  reserves the right to assess Provider for any penalties resulting from
Provider's submission of false data.
7.3 Risk Adjustment Data Submission
. Provider shall submit all diagnosis data generated in connection with this
Agreement by way of filing a Claim with   Where Provider identifies supplemental diagnosis data
through  retrospective  medical  chart  review  or  other  processes,  Provider  shall  file  an  amended  Claim
containing the supplemental diagnosis data.  If an amended Claim cannot be filed and Provider wants to
submit supplemental diagnosis data, then Provider shall ensure that a Claim (i.e., the associated encounter
data record) has already been submitted for the original MA Member/Provider encounter.  This Claim must
be (i) from the same date of service, (ii) having the same Provider identification number, (iii) with the same
MA Member information, and (iv) containing the same procedural information as the supplemental data
identified  through  the  retrospective  medical  chart  review  or  other  processes.    requires
submission of the original Claim prior to the submission of supplemental data to ensure the two (2) can be
linked.
Supplemental diagnosis data shall be submitted in a format specified by  If Provider reasonably
determines that a Provider is unable to meet these requirements, then Provider must inform 
within a reasonable time, but no later than thirty (30) days after receiving knowledge, actual or constructive
of such inability, and  shall have the right to validate the data by auditing medical records and/or
data generation processes, or by requesting additional data and/or documentation from Provider to confirm
the acceptability of the data.  For purposes of clarity, Provider shall cooperate with any such requests by
 or on  behalf, as set forth in this Agreement. If Provider identifies data corrections
(e.g., prior data submissions not supported in the medical record), then Provider shall promptly inform
 and submit data corrections to  in a format specified by  as soon as
reasonably possible, but in no event later than thirty (30) days after identifying.
7.4 Risk  Adjustment  Data
.  Provider's  Risk  Adjustment  Data  shall  include  all  information  necessary  for  or
requested by  to enable  to submit such data to CMS as set forth in 42 CFR §
422.310 or any subsequent or additional regulatory provisions or CMS guidance. If Provider fails to submit
accurate, complete, and truthful Risk Adjustment Data in the format described in 42 CFR § 422.310 or any
subsequent or additional regulatory provisions or CMS guidance, then this may result in denials and/or
delays in payment of Provider's Claims.  will make best efforts to work with Provider to resolve
Risk Adjustment Data format and/or processing issues.
7.5 Accuracy  of  Risk  Adjustment  Data .  Risk  Adjustment  Data  submitted  by  Provider  must  be  accurate,
complete,  and  truthful.   By submitting Risk Adjustment  Data  to   Provider  is  certifying  and
attesting to the accuracy, completeness, and truthfulness of such Risk Adjustment Data. If requested by
 Provider  shall  execute  such  further  certifications  or  attestations  as  to  the  accuracy,
completeness, and truthfulness of such Risk Adjustment Data as  may require.
ARTICLE VIII 
QUALITY ASSURANCE/QUALITY IMPROVEMENT REQUIREMENTS
8.1 Independent Quality Review Organization . Provider agrees to comply and cooperate with an independent
quality review and improvement organization's activities pertaining to the provision of MA Covered Services
for MA Member.
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicare Advantage Attachment
© 2022 August -  Tennessee, Inc. v.2
02/13/2023
49 #

8.2 Compliance with  Medical Management Programs. Provider agrees to comply with 
medical policies, quality improvement and performance improvement programs, and medical management
programs to the extent provided to or otherwise made available to Provider in advance.
8.3 Consulting with Participating Providers .  agrees to consult with Participating Providers regarding
its medical policies, quality improvement program and medical management programs and ensure that
practice guidelines and utilization management guidelines: (1) are based on reasonable medical evidence or
a consensus of health care professionals in the particular field; (2) consider the needs of the enrolled
population; (3) are developed in consultation with participating physicians; (4) are reviewed and updated
periodically; and (5) are communicated to providers and, as appropriate, to MA Member.  also
agrees to ensure that decisions with respect to utilization management, MA Member education, coverage of
Health Services, and other areas in which the guidelines apply are consistent with the guidelines.
ARTICLE IX 
COMPLIANCE
9.1 Compliance:  Medicare Laws/Regulations
.  Provider agrees to comply, and to require any of his/her/its
subcontractors to comply, with all applicable Medicare Regulatory Requirements and CMS instructions.
Further, Provider agrees that any MA Covered Services provided by Provider or his/her/its subcontractors to
or on the behalf of  MA Member will be consistent with and will comply with 
Medicare Advantage contractual obligations.
9.2 Compliance:  Exclusion from Federal Health Care Program . Provider may not employ, or subcontract with
an individual, or have persons with ownership or control interests, who have been convicted of criminal
offenses related to their involvement in Medicaid, Medicare, or social services programs under Title XX of
the Social Security Act, and thus have been excluded from participation in any federal health care program
under §§1128 or 1128A of the Act (or with an entity that employs or contracts with such an individual) for the
provision  of  any  of  the  following:  healthcare,  utilization  review,  medical  social  work,  or  administrative
services.
9.3 Compliance:  Appeals/Grievances . Provider agrees to comply with  policies and procedures in
performing his/her/its responsibilities under the Agreement.  Provider specifically agrees to comply with
Medicare Regulatory Requirements regarding MA Member appeals and grievances and to cooperate with
 in meeting its obligations regarding MA Member appeals, grievances and expedited appeals,
including the gathering and forwarding of information in a timely manner and compliance with appeals
decisions.
9.4 Compliance:  Policy and Procedures
. Provider agrees to comply with  policy and procedures in
performing his/her/its responsibilities under the Agreement and this Attachment including any supplementary
documents that pertain to  Medicare Advantage Program such as the provider manual(s).
9.5 Illegal Remunerations
. Both parties specifically represent and warrant that activities to be performed under
this Agreement are not considered illegal remunerations (including kickbacks, bribes or rebates) as defined
in 42 USCA § 1320(a)-7b.
9.6 Compliance:  Training, Education and Communications
.  In accordance with CMS requirements, Provider
agrees and certifies that it, as well as its employees, subcontractors, Downstream Entities, Related Entities
and agents who provide services to or for  Medicare Advantage and/or Part D MA Members or
to or for  itself shall conduct general compliance and fraud, waste and abuse training, education
and/or communications annually or as otherwise required by Regulatory Requirements, and must be made a
part of the orientation for a new employee, new First Tier  Entities, Downstream Entities, or Related Entities,
and for all new appointments of a chief executive, manager, or governing body member who performs
leadership and/or oversight over the service provided under the Agreement.  Provider or its subcontractors
or Downstream Entities shall ensure that their general compliance and fraud, waste and abuse training and
education is comparable to the elements, set forth in  Standards of Ethical Business Conduct
and  shall provide  documentation  to  demonstrate  compliance  prior to  execution  of the  Agreement  and
annually  thereafter.  In  addition,  Provider  is  responsible  for  documenting  applicable  employee's,
subcontractor's, Downstream Entity's, Related Entity's and/or agent's attendance and completion of such
training on an annual basis. Provider shall provide such documentation to  and as required to
support a  or CMS audit. If necessary and upon request,  or its designee can make
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicare Advantage Attachment
© 2022 August -  Tennessee, Inc. v.2
02/13/2023
50 #

such compliance training, education and lines of communication available to Provider in either electronic,
paper or other reasonable medium.
9.7 Federal Funds .  Provider acknowledges that payments Provider receives from  to provide MA
Covered Services to MA Members are, in whole or part, from federal funds. Therefore, Provider and any of
his/her/its subcontractors are subject to certain Regulatory Requirements that are applicable to Members
and entities receiving federal funds, which may include but is not limited to, Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of
1964 as implemented by 45 CFR Part 80; the Age Discrimination Act of 1975 as implemented by 45 CFR
Part 91; the Americans with Disabilities Act; the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 as implemented by 45 CFR Part
84, lobbying restrictions as implemented by 45 CFR Part 93 and 31 USC 1352 and any other regulations
applicable to recipients of federal funds.
ARTICLE X 
MARKETING
10.1 Approval of Materials
.  Both parties agree to comply, and to require any of his/her/its subcontractors to
comply, with all applicable Regulatory Requirements, CMS instructions, and marketing activities under this
Agreement, including but not limited to, the Medicare Marketing Guidelines for Medicare Managed Care
Plans and any requirements for CMS prior approval of materials. Any printed materials, including but not
limited to letters to  MA Members, brochures, advertisements, telemarketing scripts, packaging
prepared or produced by Provider or any of his/her/its subcontractors pursuant to this Agreement must be
submitted to  for review and approval at each planning stage (i.e., creative, copy, mechanicals,
blue lines, etc.) to assure compliance with Regulatory Requirements.   agrees its approval will
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
ARTICLE XI 
TERMINATION
11.1 Notice  Upon  Termination
.  If   decides  to  terminate  this  Attachment,   shall  give
Provider  written  notice,  to  the  extent  required  under  CMS  regulations,  of  the  reasons  for  the  action,
including, if relevant, the standards and the profiling data the organization used to evaluate Provider and the
numbers and mix of Participating Providers needs.  Such written notice shall also set forth Provider's right to
appeal the action and the process and timing for requesting a hearing.
11.2 Effect  of  Termination .  Following  termination  of  this  Attachment,  the  remainder  of  the  Agreement  shall
continue in full force and effect, if applicable.   In addition, upon termination of this Attachment but subject to
the Continuation of Care provision(s) and applicable Regulatory Requirements, any references to services,
reimbursement,  or  participation  in  Networks  related  to  the  Medicare  Advantage  Program  are  hereby
terminated in full and shall have no further force and effect.
11.3 Termination Without Cause
. Either party may terminate this Attachment without cause by giving at least one
hundred twenty (120) days prior written notice of termination to the other party.
ARTICLE XII 
GENERAL PROVISIONS
12.1 Inconsistencies .  In the event of an inconsistency between terms of this Attachment and the terms and
conditions as set forth in the Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Attachment shall govern. Except as
set forth herein, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement remain in full force and effect.
12.2 Interpret According to Medicare Laws
. Provider and  intend that the terms of the Agreement and
this Attachment as they relate to the provision of MA Covered Services under the Medicare Advantage
Program  shall  be  interpreted  in  a  manner  consistent  with  applicable  requirements  under  Medicare
Regulatory Requirements.
12.3 Subcontractors
. In addition to the Use of Subcontractors provision of the Agreement, Provider agrees that if
Provider  enters  into  subcontracts  to  perform  services  under  the  terms  of  this  Attachment,  Provider's
subcontracts shall include: (1) an agreement by the subcontractor to comply with all of Provider's obligations
in the Agreement and this Attachment; (2) a prompt payment provision as negotiated by Provider and the
subcontractor; (3) a provision setting forth the term of the subcontract (preferably one (1) year or longer);
and (4) dated signatures of all the parties to the subcontract.
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicare Advantage Attachment
© 2022 August -  Tennessee, Inc. v.2
02/13/2023
51 #

12.4 Delegated Activities .  If  has delegated activities to Provider, then  will provide the
following information to Provider and Provider shall provide such information to any of its subcontracted
entities:
12.4.1 A list of delegated activities and reporting responsibilities;
12.4.2 Arrangements for the revocation of delegated activities;
12.4.3 Notification that the performance of the contracted and subcontracted entities will be monitored by
12.4.4 Notification that the credentialing process must be approved and monitored by  and
12.4.5 Notification that all contracted and subcontracted entities must comply with all applicable Medicare
Regulatory Requirements and CMS instructions.
12.5 Delegation of Provider Selection
. In addition to the responsibilities for delegated activities as set forth herein,
to the extent that  has delegated selection of providers, contractors, or subcontractor to Provider,
 retains the right to approve, suspend, or terminate any such arrangement.
12.6 Survival of Attachment . Provider further agrees that: (1) the hold harmless and continuation of care sections
shall survive the termination of this Attachment or disenrollment of the MA Member; and (2) these provisions
supersede any oral or written contrary agreement now existing or hereafter entered into between Provider
and an MA Member or persons acting on their behalf that relates to liability for payment for, or continuation
of, MA Covered Services provided under the terms and conditions of these clauses.
12.7 Attachment Amendment . Notwithstanding the Amendment provision in the Agreement, this Attachment shall
be automatically modified to conform to required changes to Regulatory Requirements related to Medicare
Advantage Programs without the necessity of executing written amendments.  For amendments not required
by Regulatory Requirements related to Medicare Advantage Programs,  shall make a good faith
effort  to  provide  notice  to  Provider  at  least  thirty  (30)  days  in  advance  of  the  effective  date  of  the
amendment.
12.8 References to Regulatory Requirements
. All references in this Attachment to any Regulatory Requirement
shall mean and refer to the existing law, regulation or guidance as of the Effective Date of the Agreement
and any subsequent, successor or additional Regulatory Requirements related to the same subject matter.
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicare Advantage Attachment
© 2022 August -  Tennessee, Inc. v.2
02/13/2023
52 #

 COMPENSATION SCHEDULE ("ACS")
ARTICLE I 
DEFINITIONS
The definitions set forth below shall apply with respect to all of the terms outlined in this ACS. Terms not otherwise
defined in this ACS and defined elsewhere in the Agreement shall carry the meanings set forth in the Agreement.
"Capitation" means the amount paid by  to a provider or management services organization on a per
member per month basis for either specific services or the total cost of care for Covered Services.
"Case Rate"  means  the all-inclusive   Rate  for an  entire  admission  or one  outpatient  encounter  for
Covered Services.
"Chargemaster" or "Charge Master" means facility's listing of facility charges for products, services and supplies.
"Coded Service Identifier(s)" means a listing of descriptive terms and identifying codes, updated from time to time by
CMS or other industry source, for reporting Health Services on the CMS 1500 or CMS 1450/UB-04 claim form or its
successor as applicable based on the services provided.  The codes include but are not limited to, American Medical
Association  Current  Procedural  Terminology  ("CPT®-4"),  CMS  Healthcare  Common  Procedure  Coding  System
("HCPCS"), International Classification of Diseases, 10th Revision ("ICD-10"), National Uniform Billing Committee
("Revenue Code") and National Drug Code ("NDC") or their successors.
"Cost to Charge Ratio" ("CCR") means the quotient of cost (total operating expenses minus other operating revenue)
divided by charges (gross patient revenue) expressed as a decimal, as defined by Regulatory Requirements.
"Diagnosis-Related Group" ("DRG") means Diagnosis Related Group or its successor as established by CMS or
other grouper, including but not limited to, a state mandated grouper or other industry standard grouper.
"DRG Rate" means the all-inclusive dollar amount which is multiplied by the appropriate DRG Weight to determine
the  Rate for Covered Services.
"DRG Weight" means the weight applicable to the specific DRG methodology set forth in this ACS, including but not
limited to, CMS DRG weights as published in the Federal Register, state agency weights, or other industry standard
weights.
"Eligible Charges" means those Provider Charges that meet  conditions and requirements for a Health
Service to be eligible for reimbursement.  These conditions and requirements include but are not limited to: Member
program  eligibility,  Provider  program  eligibility,  benefit  coverage,  authorization  requirements,  provider  manual
specifications,  administrative, clinical and reimbursement policies and methodologies, code editing logic,
coordination of benefits, Regulatory Requirements, and this Agreement.  Eligible Charges do not include Provider
Charges for any items or services that Provider receives and/or provides free of charge.
"Emergency  Condition"  means  a  medical  condition  manifesting  itself  by  acute  symptoms  of  sufficient  severity
(including severe pain) such that a prudent layperson, with an average knowledge of health and medicine, could
reasonably expect the absence of immediate medical attention to result in serious jeopardy to the health of the
individual, or in the case of a pregnant woman, the health of the woman or her unborn child; serious impairment to
bodily functions; or serious dysfunction of any bodily organ or part.
"Emergency  Services"  means  those  Covered  Services  furnished  by  a  provider  qualified  to  furnish  emergency
services, and which are needed to evaluate or treat an Emergency Condition.
"Encounter Data" means Claim information and any additional information submitted by a provider under capitated or
risk-sharing arrangements for Health Services rendered to Members.
"Encounter Rate" means the  Rate that is all-inclusive of professional, technical and facility charges
including evaluation and management, pharmaceuticals, routine surgical and therapeutic procedures, and diagnostic
testing (including laboratory and radiology) capable of being performed on site.
"Fee Schedule(s)" means the complete listing of  Rate(s) for specific services that is payment for each
unit of service allowed based on applicable Coded Service Identifier(s) for Covered Services.
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement ACS
© 2022 April –   Tennessee, Inc.
02/13/2023
53 #

"Global Case Rate" means the all-inclusive  Rate which includes facility, professional and physician
services for specific Coded Service Identifier(s) for Covered Services.
"Inpatient Services" means Covered Services provided by a facility to a Member who is admitted and treated as a
registered inpatient, is assigned a licensed bed within the facility, remains assigned to such bed and for whom a room
and board charge is made.
"Observation" means the services furnished on the facility's premises, including use of a bed and periodic monitoring
by nursing or other staff, which are Medically Necessary to evaluate a Member's condition and determine if the
Member requires an inpatient admission to the facility. Such determination shall be in compliance with Policies or
Regulatory Requirements.
"Outlier Rate" means the payment applied to an admission which exceeds the outlier threshold as set forth in the
ACS or in compliance with Policies or Regulatory Requirements.
"Outpatient Services" means Covered Services provided by a facility to a Member who is admitted and treated as a
registered outpatient within the facility.
"Patient Day" means each approved calendar day of care that a Member receives in the facility, to the extent such
day of care is a Covered Service under the terms of the Member's Health Benefit Plan, but excluding the day of
discharge.
"Percentage Rate" means the  Rate that is a percentage of Eligible Charges billed by a provider for
Covered Services.
"Per Diem Rate" means the  Rate that is the all-inclusive fixed payment for Covered Services rendered on
a single date of service.
"Per Hour Rate" means the  Rate that is payment based on an increment of time for Covered Services.
"Per Relative Value Unit" ("RVU") means the  Rate for each unit of service based on the CMS, State
Agency or other (e.g., American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA)) defined Relative Value Unit (RVU).
"Per Service Rate" means the  Rate that is payment for each service allowed based on applicable Coded
Service Identifier(s) for Covered Services.
"Per Unit Rate" means the  Rate that is payment for each unit of service allowed based on applicable
Coded Service Identifier(s) for Covered Services.
"Per Visit Rate" means the  Rate that is the all-inclusive fixed payment for one encounter for Covered
Services.
"Provider Charges" means the regular, uniform rate or price Provider determines and submits to  as
charges for Health Services provided to Members.  Such Provider Charges shall be no greater than the rate or price
Provider submits to any person or other health care benefit payor for the same Health Services provided, regardless
of whether Provider agrees with such person or other payor to accept a different rate or price as payment in full for
such services.
"Short Stay" means an inpatient hospital stay that is less than a specified number of calendar days in compliance with
Policies and/or Regulatory Requirements.
ARTICLE II 
GENERAL PROVISIONS
Billing Form and Claims Reporting Requirements
. Provider shall submit all Claims on a CMS 1500 or CMS 1450/UB-
04 claim form or its successor form(s) as applicable based on the Health Services provided in accordance with
Policies or applicable Regulatory Requirements.  Provider shall report all Health Services in accordance with the
Coded Service Identifier(s) reporting guidelines and instructions using HIPAA compliant billing codes.  In addition,
 shall  not  pay  any  Claim(s)  nor  accept  any  Encounter  Data  submitted  using  non-compliant  codes.
 audits that result in identification of Health Services that are not reported in accordance with the Coded
Service Identifier(s) guidelines and instructions, will be subject to recovery through remittance adjustment or other
recovery action as may be set forth in the provider manual(s).
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement ACS
© 2022 April –   Tennessee, Inc.
02/13/2023
54 #

Claim Submissions for Pharmaceuticals . Each Claim submitted for a pharmaceutical product must include standard
Coded Service Identifier(s), a National Drug Code ("NDC") number of the covered medication, a description of the
product,  and  dosage  and  units  administered.   Unless  otherwise  required  under  Regulatory  Requirements,
 shall not reimburse for any pharmaceuticals that are not administered to the Member and/or deemed
contaminated and/or considered waste.
Coding Updates .  Coded Service Identifier(s) used to define specific rates are updated from time to time to reflect
new, deleted or replacement codes.   shall use commercially reasonable efforts to update all applicable
Coded Service Identifiers within sixty (60) days of release by CMS or other applicable authority.  When billing codes
are updated, Provider is required to use appropriate replacement codes for Claims for Covered Services, regardless
of whether this Agreement has been amended to reflect changes to standard billing codes.  If Provider bills a revised
code prior to the effective date of the revised code, the Claim will be rejected or denied and Provider shall resubmit
Claim with correct code.  In addition, Claims with codes which have been deleted will be rejected or denied.
Coding Software .  Updates to  Claims processing filters, code editing software, pricers, and any edits
related thereto, as a result of changes in Coded Service Identifier(s) reporting guidelines and instructions, shall take
place automatically and do not require any notice, disclosure or amendment to Provider.   reserves the
right  to  use  a  code  editing  software  as  reasonably  required  by   to  ensure  Claims  adjudication  in
accordance with industry standards, including, but not limited to, determining which services are considered part of,
incidental to, or inclusive of the primary procedure and ensuring medically appropriate age, gender, diagnosis,
frequency, and units billed.
Modifiers.  All  appropriate  modifiers  must  be  submitted  in  accordance  with  Regulatory  Requirements,  industry
standard billing guidelines and Policies. If appropriate modifiers are not submitted, Claims may be rejected or denied.
New/Expanded Service or New/Expanded Technology
. In accordance with the Scope/Change in Status section of the
Agreement, as of the Effective Date of this Agreement, any New/Expanded Service or New/Expanded Technology
(defined below) is not reimbursable under this Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Provider may submit the
following documentation to  at least sixty (60) days prior to the implementation of any New/Expanded
Service  or  New/Expanded  Technology  for  consideration  as  a  reimbursable  service:  (1)  a  description  of  the
New/Expanded  Service  or  New/Expanded  Technology;  (2)  Provider's  proposed  charge  for  the  New/Expanded
Service or New/Expanded Technology; (3) such other reasonable data and information required by  to
evaluate the New/Expanded Service or New/Expanded Technology.  In addition,  may also need to obtain
approval  from  applicable  Agency  prior  to   making  determination  that  New/Expanded  Service  or
New/Expanded Technology can be considered a reimbursable service.  If  agrees that the New/Expanded
Service or New/Expanded Technology may be reimbursable under this Agreement, then  shall notify
Provider, and both parties agree to negotiate in good faith, a new  Rate for the New/Expanded Service or
New/Expanded Technology within sixty (60) days of  notice to Provider.  If the parties are unable to
reach an agreement on a new  Rate for the New/Expanded Service or New/Expanded Technology before
the end of the sixty (60) day period, then such New/Expanded Service or New/Expanded Technology shall not be
reimbursed by  and the Payment in Full and Hold Harmless provision of this Agreement shall apply.
a. "New/Expanded Service" shall  be defined as a Health Service: (a) that Provider  was not providing  to
Members as of the Effective Date of this Agreement and; (b) for which there is not a specific 
Rate as set forth in this ACS.
b. "New/Expanded Technology" shall be defined as a technological advancement in the delivery of a Covered
Service which results in a material increase to the cost of such service. New/Expanded Technology shall not
include a new device, or implant that merely represents a new model or an improved model of a device or
implant used in connection with a service provided by Provider as of the Effective Date of this Agreement.
Non-Priced Codes for Covered Services
.   reserves the right to establish a rate for codes that are not
priced in this ACS or in the Fee Schedule(s), including but not limited to, Not Otherwise Classified Codes ("NOC"),
Not  Otherwise  Specified  ("NOS"),  Miscellaneous,  Individual  Consideration  Codes  ("IC"),  and  By  Report  ("BR")
(collectively "Non-Priced Codes").  shall only reimburse Non-Priced Codes for Covered Services in the
following situations: (i) the Non-Priced Code does not have a published dollar amount on the then current applicable
 State or CMS Fee Schedule, (ii) the Non-Priced Code has a zero dollar amount listed, or (iii) the Non-
Priced Code requires  manual pricing. In such situations,  such Non-Priced Code shall  be reimbursed at a rate
established by  for such Covered Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing,  shall not price Non-
Priced Codes that are not Covered Services under the Members Health Benefit Plan.  may require the
submission of medical records, invoices, or other documentation for Claims payment consideration.
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement ACS
© 2022 April –   Tennessee, Inc.
02/13/2023
55 #

Reimbursement for  Rate Based on Eligible Charges .  Notwithstanding any reimbursement amount set
forth herein, Provider shall only be allowed to receive such reimbursement if such reimbursement is for an Eligible
Charge. In addition, if Provider reimbursement is under one or more of the following methodologies: Capitation, Case
Rate, DRG Rate, Encounter Rate, Global Case Rate, Per Diem Rate, Per Relative Value Unit (RVU), and Per Visit
Rate, then individual services billed shall not be reimbursed separately, unless otherwise specified in Article IV of this
ACS.
Reimbursement for Subcontractors.  shall not be liable for any reimbursement in addition to the applicable
 Rate as a result of Provider's use of a subcontractor.  Provider shall be solely responsible to pay
subcontractors for any Health Services, and shall via written contract, contractually prohibit such subcontractors from
billing, collecting or attempting to collect from  or Members.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if 
has  a  direct  contract  with  the  subcontractor,  the  direct  contract  shall  prevail  over  this  Agreement  and  the
subcontractor shall bill  under the direct contract for any subcontracted services, with the exception of
nursing services provided for Home Infusion Therapy, or unless otherwise agreed to by the parties.
Tax Assessment and Penalties
. The  Rates in this Agreement include all sales and use taxes and other
taxes on Provider revenue, gross earnings, profits, income and other taxes, charges or assessments of any nature
whatsoever (together  with any related interest or  penalties) now or hereafter  imposed against or collectible  by
Provider  with  respect  to  Covered  Services,  unless  otherwise  required  by  Agency  pursuant  to  Regulatory
Requirements. Neither Provider nor  shall add any amount to or deduct any amount from the 
Rates, whether on account of taxes, assessments, tax penalties or tax exemptions.
Updates to  Rate(s) Based on External Sources . Unless otherwise required by Regulatory Requirements,
and  notwithstanding  any  proprietary  fee  schedule(s)/rate(s)/methodologies,   shall  use  commercially
reasonable efforts to update the  Rate(s) based on External Sources, which include but are not limited to,
i)  CMS  Medicare  fee  schedule(s)/rate(s)/methodologies;  ii)   Medicaid  or  State  Agency  fee
schedule(s)/rate(s)/methodologies;  iii)  vendor  fee  schedule(s)/rate(s)/methodologies;  or  iv)  any  other  entity's
published fee schedule(s)/rate(s)/methodologies (collectively "External Sources") no later than sixty (60) days after
 receipt of the final fee schedule(s)/rate(s)/methodologies change from such External Sources, or on the
effective date of such final fee schedule(s)/rate(s)/methodologies change, whichever is later.  The effective date of
such final fee schedule(s)/rate(s)/methodologies change shall be the effective date of the change as published by
External Sources.  Fee schedule(s)/rate(s)/methodologies will be applied on a prospective basis.  Claims processed
prior to the implementation of the new  Rate(s) in  payment system shall not be reprocessed,
however, if reprocessing is required by Regulatory Requirements, and such reprocessing could result in a potential
under and/or over payment to a Provider, then  may reconcile the Claim adjustments to determine the
remaining amount Provider owes  or that  owes to Provider.  Any resultant overpayment
recoveries (i.e. Provider owes  shall occur automatically without advance notification to Provider.  Unless
otherwise required by Regulatory Requirements,  shall not be responsible for interest payments that may
be the  result  of  a  late  notification  by  External  Sources  to  of  fee  schedule(s)/rate(s)/methodologies
change.
ARTICLE III 
PROVIDER TYPE
Participating Provider(s) shall be limited to performing those Covered Services for which Participating Provider(s) is
credentialed and licensed to perform.
"Behavioral Health Practitioner" means a licensed or certified mental health and/or substance abuse practitioner, or a
group of licensed or supervised practitioners with varying specialties, who work either in an independent private
practice, a group setting in one or more locations, or at an appropriately licensed clinic/facility or agency providing
behavioral health and/or substance abuse Health Services.
"Primary Care Physician" or "Primary Care Provider" ("PCP") means a Participating Provider who (a) is primarily
responsible for supervising, managing and coordinating the overall health care needs of Members; (b) is credentialed
in accordance with this Agreement; (c) provides Primary Care Services; and (d) practices in the medical specialty
areas of general practice, internal medicine, pediatrics, family medicine, or such other medical specialty areas as are
specified to provide Primary Care Services in an applicable Government Contract.
To the extent mandated by Regulatory Requirements, Provider shall ensure that Members have access to 24 hour-
per-day, 7 day-per-week urgent and Emergency Services, as defined in the ACS.
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement ACS
© 2022 April –   Tennessee, Inc.
02/13/2023
56 #

Unless otherwise required under Regulatory Requirements, PCP shall provide Covered Services or make
arrangements for the provision of Covered Services to Members on a twenty-four (24) hour per day, seven (7) day a
week basis to assure availability, adequacy, and continuity of care to Members. If Provider is unable to provide
Covered Services, Provider will arrange for another Participating Provider to cover Provider's patients in accordance
with Policies. Provider and any Primary Care Providers employed by or under contract with Provider may arrange for
Covered Services to Members to be performed by a Specialty Physician only in accordance with Policies.
Primary Care Services means (a) those Covered Services provided to a Member involving primary medical care,
including, but not limited to, the Covered Services specifically identified as primary care services in an applicable
Government Contract, and (b) the supervision and coordination of the delivery of these Covered Services to a
Member.
“Specialty Physician Group" means one or more licensed or certified medical practitioners who have specialized
education, training or experience in accordance with the Regulatory Requirements of the state in which Health
Services are rendered.
If Provider is furnishing Specialty Physician services under this Agreement, Provider, and the Specialty Physician(s)
employed by or under contract with Provider, shall accept as patients all Members and may arrange for Covered
Services to Members to be performed by a Specialty Physician only in accordance with Policies.
ARTICLE IV
SPECIFIC REIMBURSEMENT TERMS
MEDICARE ADVANTAGE
For Covered Services furnished by or on behalf of Provider for a Member enrolled in a Medicare Advantage Network,
Provider agrees to accept an amount that is the lesser of Eligible Charges or the commer Medicare Advantage
Rate, minus applicable Cost Shares, and modified before payment as described below. Provider agrees that this
amount, plus applicable Cost Shares, is full compensation for Covered Services.
The a Medicare Advantage Rate" is the amount calculated based on the rate or methodology stated below
for each service, adjusted as described in the notes, and multipled by the stated percentages, if applicable.
Program: Medicare Advantage CSNP
Medicare Advantage Dual Plan
Medicare Advantage FIDE SNP
Medicare Advantage HMO
Medicare Advantage ISNP
Medicare Advantage PPO
Professional and Technical | Applicable CPT/HCPCS Medicare Physician Fee Per Unit
= Sa
hundred percent (100%
Clinical Laboratory Services | Applicable CPT/HCPCS Medicare Clinical Per Unit
Codes Laboratory Fee Schedule
multiplied by sixty five
percent (65%
Durable Medical Equipment, | Applicable CPT/HCPCS Medicare Durable Medical Per Unit
Prosthetics, Orthotics, and Codes Equipment,
Supplies Prosthetics/Orthotics, and
Supplies Fee Schedule
multiplied by sixty five
percent (65%
Biologicals Codes Schedule multiplied by one
hundred percent (100%
Program: Medicare Advantage CSNP
Medicare Advantage Dual Plan
Medicare Advantage FIDE SNP
Medicare Advantage HMO
Medicare Advantage ISNP
© 2022 Apri Tennessee, tiga o7 ,

Services Codes Schedule multiplied by one

hundred percent (100%
Clinical Laboratory Services | Applicable CPT/HCPCS Medicare Clinical Per Unit

Codes Laboratory Fee Schedule

multiplied by sixty five

percent (65%
Durable Medical Equipment, | Applicable CPT/HCPCS Medicare Durable Medical Per Unit
Prosthetics, Orthotics, and Codes Equipment,
Supplies Prosthetics/Orthotics, and

Supplies Fee Schedule

multiplied by sixty five

percent (65%
Part B Drugs and Applicable CPT/HCPCS Medicare Drug Fee Per Unit
Biologicals Codes Schedule multiplied by one

hundred percent (100%
Plan shall compensate non-physician Primary Care Providers and Specialty Provider Individuals based on Medicare's
percentage adjustments to the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule for each type of Provider.
When determining the amount payable to Provider, any reimbursement terms in this Agreement that are based, in
whole or in part, on Medicare rates, pricing, fee schedules, or methodologies published or established by CMS, shall
refer to the per claim payment amounts that CMS and a Medicare beneficiary would directly pay to Provider for the
same items or services under original Medicare Part A or Part B. The amount payable to Provider shall not include
any bonus payment or settlement amount paid to Provider by CMS outside of the Medicare per claim payment
process, unless otherwise set forth in the Medicare Advantage reimbursement terms of this Agreement. Unless
eT notifies Provider otherwise, in the event CMS changes payment to Provider due to a CMS directive, Act
of Congress, Executive Order, other governmental pronouncement, or Regulatory Requirement, the amount payable
to Provider hereunder will automatically be changed as soon as reasonably practicable, as described herein, in the
amount specified by CMS as a result of such directive or change in law, or in the absence of such specification, in the
same percentage amount as payment is changed by CMS to Provider.
GEE shall not compensate Provider for the bad debts of its Medicare Advantage members.
a and Provider shall consider Medicare interim amounts, including but not limited to, indirect medical
education, disproportionate share, outliers, per diems, percent of charge, and all-inclusive rates, as final and
rem shall not adjust Provider's compensation through a settlement, even if Medicare adjusts its compensation
to Provider based on a settlement.
GEE shall compensate Provider using the relevant payment system logic and data (for example: calculations,
payment groupings, or federal and provider-specific factors) that are available in Amerigroup’s systems at the time
a processes the Provider's Claim. Trica shall not retroactively adjust Provider's compensation for
previously processed Claims to reconcile any difference with the payment system logic and data being used by
Medicare on the same processing date for the same date of service. In addition, | shall not retroactively
adjust Provider's compensation for previously processed claims to reflect Medicare's retroactive updates or changes
to payment system logic and data. Provider shall not request adjustments solely based on these differences,
updates, or changes.
MEDICAID
For purposes of determining the armmne Rate, the total reimbursement amount that Provider and a
have agreed upon for the applicable provider type(s) for Covered Services provided under this Agreement in effect on
the date of service shall be as set forth below.

Medicaid Plan - TN TennCare CoverKids

oes to 58 —_——

Professional Services Applicable CPT/HCPCS 90% of the 2020 Per Service
Codes i Professional
arket Master Fee
Schedule
Preventive Medicine CPT Codes 99381-99397, 90% of the 2020 Per Service
99173, 92551, 96110  oevesaved Professional
Market Master Fee
Schedule
Codes Laboratory Fee Schedule
Durable Medical Equipment, | Applicable CPT/HCPCS Medicare Durable Medical Per Service
Prosthetics, Orthotics and Codes Equipment,
Supplies (DMEPOS) Prosthetics/Orthotics, and
Supplies Fee Schedule
multiplied by 65%
Drugs and Biologicals Applicable Medicare Drug Fee Per Service
CPT/HCPCS/NDC Codes Schedule multiplied by
106%
Payments specified as "TennCare CoverKids Fee Schedule" refer to the State of Tennessee, Division of TennCare
and Comptroller of the Treasurer rates applicable to Coverkids Providers. J will update the applicable rates
upon receipt of notice of the effective date of such changes.

In accordance with TennCare Program Contractor Risk Agreement (CRA) section ie shall not
reimburse providers based on automatic escalators or linkages to other methodologies that escalate such as current
Medicare rates or inflation indexes unless otherwise allowed by TennCare.

Any services not listed on the Fee Schedule are not reimbursable.
Medicaid Plan - TN TennCare CoverKids
BMAT H0014HG $310.00 Per Diem
Induction/Stabilization
Phase (with therapy same
da

with therapy same da’

BMAT HO033HG $190.00 Per Diem
Stabilization/Maintenance

Phase (no therapy same

da

Compensation for the above services will be an amount equal to the lesser of Eligible Charges less any applicable
co-payments or deductibles.

In accordance with TennCare Program Contractor Risk Agreement (CRA) section i shall not
reimburse providers based on automatic escalators or linkages to other methodologies that escalate such as current
Medicare rates or inflation indexes unless otherwise allowed by TennCare.

Medicaid Affiliate Services. Provider acknowledges a is affiliated with health plans that offer similar
benefits under similar programs as the programs covered hereunder ("Medicaid Affiliates"). The parties acknowledge
that Provider is not a Participating Provider in Medicaid Affiliate's Network for purposes of rendering services to
Medicaid Members. However, in the event Provider treats a Medicaid Member of a Medicaid Affiliate, subject to
Regulatory Requirements, Provider shall accept as payment in full the rates established by the Medicaid Affiliate's
state program governing care to Medicaid Members. Such services must be Medicaid Covered Services under the
Medicaid Affiliate's state program, and shall require prior authorization, except for Emergency Services and services
for which a Medicaid Member is entitled to self-refer. Upon request, i shall coordinate and provide
information as necessary between Provider and Medicaid Affiliate for services rendered to Medicaid Member.

© 2022 Apri NNN Tennessee, Inc. 99 ,

Reimbursement Specific to Provider Type
The following will be reimbursed for facility services only: Acute Care Hospital, ASC, Behavioral Health Facility, Free
Standing Birthing Center, Rehabilitation Facility and SNF.  Professional services are excluded.
Ambulance Provider Air and/or Ground shall be reimbursed in accordance with Regulatory Requirements for the
applicable methodology based on the referenced fee schedule. If such reimbursement is based on an 
Rate, the applicable  state methodology on  which such fee schedule is based,  shall be used to determine  the
appropriate level of reimbursement.  Reimbursement includes wait time, extra attendant, parking fees, tolls, and all
supplies, oxygen, equipment, medicines and solutions provided during ambulance service.
Hospice reimbursement is inclusive of skilled nursing, home health aide, medical social worker services, dietary,
pastoral, bereavement counseling, DME, medical supplies and administration of medication.
LAB services not specified on the Reference Laboratory Fee Schedule are not reimbursable.
Specialty Provider Individual and/or group (Non-MD or DO) shall be reimbursed in accordance with Regulatory
Requirements for the applicable methodology based on the referenced fee schedule.  If such reimbursement is based
on an  proprietary fee schedule, the applicable state methodology on which such fee schedule is based,
shall be used to determine the appropriate level of reimbursement.
"Ambulatory Patient Group" ("APG") means the  Rate that is a fixed reimbursement to a facility for
Outpatient Services and which incorporates data regarding the reason for the visit and patient data.
"Ambulatory Payment Classification" ("APC") or its successor shall have the meaning set forth in the Medicare law
and CMS regulations and guidance.
"  DMEPOS and PEN Fee Schedule" means the applicable  DMEPOS and PEN Fee Schedule
for the market(s) and program(s) covered by the Agreement. The parties acknowledge and agree that the 
DMEPOS and PEN Fee Schedule is subject to modification by  at any time during the term of the
Agreement.  DMEPOS and PEN Fee Schedule and/or rate changes will be applied on a prospective
basis.
"  Professional Provider Market Master Fee Schedule(s)/Rate(s)/Methodologies " means the proprietary
rate that may be based on, but is not limited to, the applicable   Professional Provider Market Master Fee
Schedule(s)/ Rate(s)/ Methodologies, CMS and/or Medicare Fee Schedule(s)/ Rate(s)/ Methodologies, or the Fee
Schedule(s)/ Rate(s)/ Methodologies developed by   in accordance with industry standards.
"  Reference Laboratory Fee Schedule" means the  Rate that is the  Reference
Laboratory Fee Schedule that is based on the Medicare Fee Schedule and may contain additional CPT/HCPCS
codes.  Reference Laboratory Fee Schedule and/or rate changes will be applied on a prospective basis.
"CMS Outpatient Prospective Payment System" ("OPPS") shall have the meaning set forth in Medicare law and CMS
regulations and guidance.
"Medical Care Management Rate" means the amount paid by  to Provider on a per member per month
basis  for  facilitation  of  collaborative  programs  meant  to  manage  medical/social/mental  health  conditions  more
effectively.
"Medicare Fee Schedule" means the applicable Medicare Fee Schedule for the provider type(s) identified herein,
including  payment  conversion  factor,  where  applicable,  and  in  effect  on  the  date  of  the  service  is  initiated  to
Members. Medicare Fee Schedule and/or rate changes will be applied on a prospective basis.
"Medicare LUPA National Base Rate" means the Medicare LUPA ("Low Utilization Payment Adjustment") National
Base rate in effect as of the date of service for the market(s) and program(s) covered by the Agreement at the time
the Covered Services are initiated to the Member. Medicare LUPA National Base Rate changes will be applied on a
prospective basis.
"Medicare Part B Drug Average Sales Price ("ASP") Fee Schedule" means the Medicare Part B Drug Average Sales
Price ("ASP") Fee Schedule (or successor) in effect as of the date of service for the market(s) and programs covered
by the Agreement at the time the Covered Services is initiated to the Member. Medicare Part B Drug Average Sales
Price ("ASP") Fee Schedule and/or rate changes will be applied on a prospective basis.
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement ACS
© 2022 April –   Tennessee, Inc.
02/13/2023
60 #

"Tennessee  Medicaid  Rate(s)/Fee  Schedule(s)/Methodologies"  means  the  Tennessee  Medicaid  Rate(s)/Fee
Schedule(s)/ in effect on the date of service for the provider type(s)/service(s) identified herein for the applicable
Medicaid Program(s).
Tennessee Enterprise Provider Agreement ACS
© 2022 April –   Tennessee, Inc.
02/13/2023
61 #
