Name According to W-9 Form with d/b/a:  Services
 WASHINGTON, INC.
PROVIDER AGREEMENT
This  Provider  Agreement  (hereinafter  "Agreement")  is  made  and  entered  into  by  and  between  
Washington, Inc. (hereinafter "  and the undersigned Provider (hereinafter "Provider"), effective as of the
date next to  signature (the "Effective Date"). In consideration of the mutual promises and covenants
herein contained, the sufficiency of which is acknowledged by the parties, the parties agree as follows:
ARTICLE I 
DEFINITIONS
"Affiliate" means any entity that is: (i) owned or controlled, either directly or through a parent or subsidiary entity, by
 or any entity which controls or is under common control with  and/or (ii) that is identified as
an Affiliate on a designated web site as referenced in the provider manual(s).  Unless otherwise set forth in this
Agreement, an Affiliate may access the rates, terms and conditions of this Agreement.
"Agency" means a federal, state or local agency, administration, board or other governing body with jurisdiction over
the governance or administration of a Health Benefit Plan.
"  Rate" means the lesser of one hundred percent (100%) of Eligible Charges for Covered Services, or the
total reimbursement amount that Provider and  have agreed upon as set forth in the Plan Compensation
Schedule ("PCS").  The  Rate includes applicable Cost Shares, and shall represent payment in full to
Provider for Covered Services.
"Audit" means a post-payment review of the Claim(s) and supporting clinical information reviewed by  to
ensure  payment  accuracy.   The  review  ensures Claim(s)  comply  with all  pertinent  aspects of  submission  and
payment including, but not limited to, contractual terms, Regulatory Requirements, Coded Service Identifiers (as
defined in the PCS) guidelines and instructions,  medical policies and clinical utilization management
guidelines, reimbursement policies, and generally accepted medical practices.  Audit does not include medical record
review for quality and risk adjustment initiatives, or activities conducted by  Special Investigation Unit
("SIU").
"Claim" means either the uniform bill claim form or electronic claim form in the format prescribed by Plan submitted by
a provider for payment by a Plan for Health Services rendered to a Member.
"CMS" means the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, an administrative agency within the United States
Department of Health & Human Services ("HHS").
"Cost Share" means, with respect to Covered Services, an amount which a Member is required to pay under the
terms of the applicable Health Benefit Plan.  Such payment may be referred to as an allowance, coinsurance,
copayment, deductible, penalty or other Member payment responsibility, and may be a fixed amount or a percentage
of applicable payment for Covered Services rendered to the Member.
"Covered  Services" means Medically  Necessary  Health  Services, as determined  by  Plan  and described  in  the
applicable Health Benefit Plan, for which a Member is eligible for coverage.
"Government Contract" means the contract between  and an applicable party, such as an Agency, which
governs the delivery of Health Services by  to Member(s) pursuant to a Government Program.
"Government Program" means any federal or state funded program under the Social Security Act, and any other
federal, or state, county or other municipally funded program or product in which  maintains a contract to
furnish services as designated by   For purposes of this Agreement, Government Program does not
include the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program ("FEHBP"), or any state or local government employer
program.
"Health Benefit Plan" means the document(s) that set forth Covered Services, rules, exclusions, terms and conditions
of coverage.  Such document(s) may include but are not limited to a Member handbook, a health certificate of
coverage, or evidence of coverage.
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement  
© 2021 July V5.1 --  Services  Washington, Inc. 1 09/28/2021

"Health Service" means those services, supplies or items that a health care provider is licensed, equipped and staffed
to provide and which he/she/it customarily provides to or arranges for individuals.
"Medically  Necessary"  or  "Medical  Necessity"  means  the  definition  as  set  forth  in  the  applicable  Participation
Attachment(s).
"Member" means any individual who is eligible, as determined by Plan, to receive Covered Services under a Health
Benefit Plan.  For all purposes related to this Agreement, including all schedules, attachments, exhibits, provider
manual(s), notices and communications related to this Agreement, the term "Member" may be used interchangeably
with the terms Insured, Covered Person, Covered Individual, Enrollee, Subscriber, Dependent Spouse/Domestic
Partner, Child, Beneficiary or Contract Holder, and the meaning of each is synonymous with any such other.
"Network" means a group of providers that support, through a direct or indirect contractual relationship, one or more
product(s) and/or program(s) in which Members are enrolled.
"Other Payors" means persons or entities, pursuant to an agreement with  or an Affiliate, that access the
rates, terms or conditions of this Agreement with respect to certain Network(s), excluding Government Programs
unless otherwise set forth in any Participation Attachment(s) for Government Programs.  Other Payors include,
without limitation, employers or insurers providing Health Benefit Plans pursuant to partially or wholly insured, self-
administered or self-insured programs.
"Participating Provider" means a person, including but not limited to, a physician or other health care professional or
entity, including but not limited to a hospital, health care facility, a partnership of such professionals, or a professional
corporation, or an employee or subcontractor of such person or entity, that is party to an agreement to provide
Covered Services to Members that has met all applicable required Plan credentialing requirements, standards of
participation  and  accreditation  requirements  for  the  services  the  Participating  Provider  provides,  and  that  is
designated by Plan to participate in one or more Network(s).  Unless otherwise specifically delineated, all references
herein to "Provider" may also mean and refer to "Participating Provider".
"Participation Attachment(s)" means the document(s) attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference, and
which identifies the additional duties and/or obligations related to Network(s), Government Program(s), Health Benefit
Plan(s), and/or Plan programs such as quality and/or incentive programs.
"Plan" means  an Affiliate, and/or an Other Payor.  For purposes of this Agreement, when the term "Plan"
applies to an entity other than  "Plan" shall be construed to only mean such entity (i.e., the financially
responsible Affiliate or Other Payor under the Member's Health Benefit Plan).
"Plan  Compensation  Schedule"  and  "Plan  Compensation  Schedule  Attachment"  (collectively  "PCS")  means  the
document(s) attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference, and which set forth the  Rate(s) and
compensation related terms for the Network(s) in which Provider participates.  The PCS may include provider type,
additional Provider obligations and specific  compensation related terms and requirements.
"Regulatory Requirements" means any requirements, as amended from time to time, imposed by applicable federal,
state or local laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, instructions, Government Contract, or otherwise imposed by an
Agency or government regulator in connection with the procurement, development or operation of a Health Benefit
Plan, or the performance required by either party under this Agreement.  The omission from this Agreement of an
express  reference  to  a  Regulatory  Requirement  applicable  to  either  party  in  connection  with  their  duties  and
responsibilities shall in no way limit such party's obligation to comply with such Regulatory Requirement.
ARTICLE II 
SERVICES/OBLIGATIONS
2.1 Member Identification
.  shall ensure that Plan provides a means of identifying Member either by
issuing a paper, plastic, electronic, or other identification document to Member or by a telephonic, paper or
electronic communication to Provider.  This identification need not include all information necessary to
determine  Member's  eligibility  at  the  time  a  Health  Service  is  rendered,  but  shall  include  information
necessary  to  contact  Plan  to  determine  Member's  participation  in  the  applicable  Health  Benefit  Plan.
Provider acknowledges and agrees that possession of such identification document or ability to access
eligibility information telephonically or electronically, in and of itself, does not qualify the holder thereof as a
Member, nor does the lack thereof mean that the person is not a Member.
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement  
© 2021 July V5.1 --  Services  Washington, Inc. 2 09/28/2021

2.2 Provider Non-discrimination . Provider shall provide Health Services to Members in a manner similar to and
within the same time availability in which Provider provides Health Services to any other individual.  Provider
will not differentiate, or discriminate against any Member as a result of his/her enrollment in a Health Benefit
Plan, or because of race, color, creed, national origin, ancestry, religion, sex, marital status, age, disability,
payment source, state of health, need for Health Services, status as a litigant, status as a Medicare or
Medicaid beneficiary, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other basis prohibited by law.  Provider shall
not be required to provide any type, or kind of Health Service to Members that he/she/it does not customarily
provide to others.  Additional requirements may be set forth in the applicable Participation Attachment(s).
2.3 Publication and Use of Provider Information . Provider agrees that  Plans or their designees may
use, publish, disclose, and display, for commercially reasonable general business purposes, either directly
or through a third party, information related to Provider, including but not limited to demographic information,
information  regarding  credentialing,  affiliations,  performance  data,   Rates,  and  information
related to Provider for transparency initiatives.
2.4 Use of Symbols and Marks
. Neither party to this Agreement shall publish, copy, reproduce, or use in any
way the other party's symbols, service mark(s) or trademark(s) without the prior written consent of such
other party.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties agree that they may identify Provider as a participant
in the Network(s) in which he/she/it participates.
2.5 Submission  and  Adjudication  of  Claims .  Provider  shall  submit,  and  Plan  shall  adjudicate,  Claims  in
accordance with the applicable Participation Attachment(s), the PCS, the provider manual(s) and Regulatory
Requirements.  If Provider submits Claims prior to receiving notice of  approval pursuant to
section 2.13, then such Claims must be submitted in accordance with prior authorization requirements, and
shall be processed as out of network.   shall not make retroactive adjustments with respect to
such Claims.
2.6 Payment in Full and Hold Harmless
. 
2.6.1 Provider agrees to accept as payment in full, in all circumstances, the applicable  Rate
whether such payment is in the form of a Cost Share, a payment by Plan, or a payment by another
source, such as through coordination of benefits or subrogation.  Provider shall bill, collect, and
accept compensation for Cost Shares.  Provider agrees to make reasonable efforts to verify Cost
Shares prior to billing for such Cost Shares.  In no event shall Plan be obligated to pay Provider or
any person acting on behalf of Provider for services that are not Covered Services, or any amounts
in excess of the  Rate less Cost Shares or payment by another source, as set forth
above.   Consistent with the foregoing, Provider agrees to accept the  Rate as payment
in full if the Member has not yet satisfied his/her deductible.
2.6.2 Except as expressly permitted under Regulatory Requirements, Provider agrees that in no event,
including, but not limited to non-payment by  insolvency, or breach of this
Agreement, shall Provider bill, charge, collect a deposit from, seek compensation, remuneration, or
reimbursement from or have any recourse against a Member, any person acting on behalf of a
Member, or HCA for services provided pursuant to this Agreement.  This provision shall not prohibit
collection of deductibles, copayments, coinsurance and/or payment for noncovered services, which
have not otherwise been paid by a primary or secondary issuer in accordance with the terms of
regulatory standards for coordination of benefits, from a Member in accordance with applicable
Government Contracts or Agency requirements.  This provision supersedes any oral or written
contrary agreement now existing or hereafter entered into between Provider and a Member or
persons  acting  on  such  Member's  behalf.   Provider  agrees,  in  the  event  of  
insolvency,  to  continue  to  provide  the  services  promised  in  this  Agreement  to  Members  of
 for the duration of the period for which premiums on behalf of the Member were paid to
provider  or  until  the  Member's  discharge  from  inpatient  facilities,  whichever  time  is  greater.
Provider shall not hold Member liable for payment of any fees that are the legal obligation of
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement shall
be construed to modify the rights and benefits contained in the Member's health plan. Provider may
not bill the Member for Covered Services (except for deductibles, copayments, or coinsurance)
where  denies payments because the provider has failed to comply with the terms or
conditions of this Agreement.  Provider further agrees that the provisions of WAC 284-170-421 (3)
(a), (b), (c), and (d) shall survive termination of this contract regardless of the cause giving rise to
termination and shall be construed to be for the benefit of Provider's Members. If Provider enters
into  agreements  with  other  providers  who agree  to  provide  Covered Services  to  Members  of
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement  
© 2021 July V5.1 --  Services  Washington, Inc. 3 09/28/2021

 with the expectation of receiving payment directly or indirectly from  then
such providers must agree to abide by the provisions of WAC 284-170-421(3) (a), (b), (c), (d), and
(e).  Provider agrees and understands that willfully collecting or attempting to collect an amount
from a Member knowing that collection to be in violation of the participating provider or facility
contract constitutes a class C felony under RCW 48.80.030(5).
2.7 Recoupment/Offset/Adjustment  for  Overpayments .  Except  as  expressly  permitted  under  Regulatory
Requirements,  shall be entitled to request a refund in an amount equal to any overpayments
made  by   to  Provider  provided  that  any  refund  requests  by   shall  be  made  in
conformance with RCW 48.43.600 timelines for notice and objection, as such section may be amended or
recodified from time to time. Upon determination that an overpayment is due from Provider to 
 shall first give Provider notice of overpayment and request reimbursement via check for such an
overpayment.  If Provider fails to contest the request in writing within thirty (30) days following the date of
Provider's receipt of such notice, the request is deemed accepted.  Provider then must submit a check to
 for such overpayment, or  shall be entitled to offset such overpayment against other
amounts due and payable by  to Provider. Except in the case of fraud by the Provider, payments
made by  shall be considered final and not subject to adjustment twenty-four (24) months after
such payment is received by Provider. If Provider determines that  has made an underpayment
to Provider for Covered Services rendered to a Member, Provider shall make a written request for additional
payment from  only in accordance with RCW 48.43.605, as such section may be amended or
recodified from time to time. Such written request must specify the reasons for such underpayment request
and  must  be  submitted  within  twenty-four  (24)  months  after  the  date  that  the  claim  was  denied  by
 or payment intended to satisfy the claim was made by 
2.8 Use of Subcontractors
. Provider and Plan may fulfill some of their duties under this Agreement through
subcontractors.  For purposes of this provision, subcontractors shall include, but are not limited to, vendors
and non-Participating Providers that provide supplies, equipment, staffing, and other services to Members at
the request of, under the supervision of, and/or at the place of business of Provider.  Provider shall provide
 with thirty (30) days prior notice of any Health Services subcontractors with which Provider may
contract  to perform Provider's duties  and obligations under  this Agreement, and Provider  shall remain
responsible to Plan for the compliance of his/her/its subcontractors with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement as applicable, including, but not limited to, the Payment in Full and Hold Harmless provisions
herein.
2.9 Compliance with Provider Manual(s) and Policies, Programs and Procedures . Provider agrees to cooperate
and  comply  with,   provider  manual(s),  and  all  other  policies,  programs  and  procedures
(collectively "Policies") established and implemented by Plan applicable to the Network(s) in which Provider
participates.  or its designees may modify the provider manual(s) and its Policies by making a
good faith effort to provide notice to Provider at least thirty (30) days in advance of the effective date of
material modifications thereto.
2.10 Referral  Incentives/Kickbacks
.  Provider  represents  and  warrants  that  Provider  does  not  give,  provide,
condone or receive any incentives or kickbacks, monetary or otherwise, in exchange for the referral of a
Member, and if a Claim for payment is attributable to an instance in which Provider provided or received an
incentive or kickback in exchange for the referral, such Claim shall not be payable and, if paid in error, shall
be refunded to 
2.11 Networks and Provider Panels
. Provider shall be eligible to participate only in those Networks designated on
the Provider Networks Attachment of this Agreement.  Provider shall not be recognized as a Participating
Provider in such Networks until the later of: 1) the Effective Date of this Agreement or; 2) as determined by
Plan in its sole discretion, the date Provider has met Plan's applicable credentialing requirements, standards
of participation and accreditation requirements.  Provider acknowledges that Plan may develop, discontinue,
or modify new or existing Networks, products and/or programs. In addition to those Networks designated on
the Provider Networks Attachment,  may also identify Provider as a Participating Provider in
additional Networks, products and/or programs designated in writing from time to time by   The
terms and conditions of Provider's participation as a Participating Provider in such additional Networks,
products and/or programs shall be on the terms and conditions as set forth in this Agreement unless
otherwise agreed to in writing by Provider and 
In addition to and separate from Networks that support some or all of Plan's products and/or programs (e.g.,
HMO, PPO and Indemnity products), Provider further acknowledges that certain Health Services, including
by way of example only, laboratory or behavioral health services, may be provided exclusively by designated
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement  
© 2021 July V5.1 --  Services  Washington, Inc. 4 09/28/2021

Participating Providers (a "Health Services Designated Network"), as determined by Plan. Provider agrees
to refer Members to such designated Participating Providers in a Health Services Designated Network for
the provision of certain Health Services, even if Provider performs such services. Notwithstanding any other
provision in this Agreement, if Provider provides a Health Service to a Member for which Provider is not a
designated  Participating  Provider  in a Health Services  Designated  Network, then  Provider  agrees  that
he/she/it shall not be reimbursed for such services by  Plan or the Member, unless Provider was
authorized to provide such Health Service by Plan.
2.12 Change in Provider Information . Provider shall immediately send written notice, in accordance with the
Notice section of this Agreement, to  of:
2.12.1 Any legal, governmental, or other action or investigation involving Provider which could affect
Provider's credentialing status with Plan, or materially impair the ability of Provider to carry out
his/her/its duties and obligations under this Agreement, except for temporary emergency diversion
situations; or
2.12.2 Any  change  in  Provider  accreditation,  affiliation,  hospital  privileges  (if  applicable),  insurance,
licensure, certification or eligibility status, or other relevant information regarding Provider's practice
or status in the medical community.
2.13 Provider Credentialing, Standards of Participation and Accreditation
. Provider warrants that he/she/it meets
all applicable Plan credentialing requirements, standards of participation, and accreditation requirements for
the Networks in which Provider participates.  A description of the applicable credentialing requirements,
standards of participation, and accreditation requirements, are set forth in the provider manual(s) and/or in
the PCS.  Provider acknowledges that until such time as Provider has been determined to have fully met
Plan's credentialing requirements, standards of participation, and accreditation requirements, as applicable,
Provider shall not be entitled to the benefits of participation under this Agreement, including without limitation
the  Rates set forth in the PCS attached hereto.
2.14 Provider  Staffing and Staff Privileges
. Provider  agrees to maintain  professional  staffing  levels to meet
community access standards and where applicable, agrees to facilitate and to expeditiously grant admitting
privileges to Participating Providers who meet Provider's credentialing standards.
2.15 Adjustment Requests
. If Provider believes a Claim has been improperly adjudicated for a Covered Service
for which Provider timely submitted a Claim to Plan, Provider must submit a request for an adjustment to
Plan in accordance with the provider manual(s).
2.16 Provision and Supervision of Services
. In no way shall  or Plan be construed to be providers of
Health Services or responsible for, exercise control, or have direction over the provision of such Health
Services.  Provider shall be solely responsible to the Member for treatment, medical care, and advice with
respect to the provision of Health Services. Provider agrees that all Health Services provided to Members
under this Agreement shall be provided by Provider or by a qualified person under Provider's direction.
Provider warrants that any nurses or other health professionals employed by or providing services for
Provider  shall  be  duly  licensed  or  certified  under  applicable  law.  In  addition,  nothing  herein  shall  be
construed as authorizing or permitting Provider to abandon any Member.
2.17 Coordination of Benefits/Subrogation
. Subject to Regulatory Requirements, Provider agrees to cooperate
with Plan regarding subrogation and coordination of benefits, as set forth in Policies and the provider
manual(s), and to notify Plan promptly after receipt of information regarding any Member who may have a
Claim involving subrogation or coordination of benefits.
2.18 Cost Effective Care
. Provider shall provide Covered Services in the most cost effective, clinically appropriate
setting and manner.  In addition, in accordance with the provider manual(s) and Policies, Provider shall
utilize Participating Providers, and when Medically Necessary or appropriate, refer and transfer Members to
Participating Providers for all Covered Services, including but not limited to specialty, laboratory, ancillary
and supplemental services.
2.19 Facility-Based Providers
. Provider agrees to require its contracted facility-based providers or those with
exclusive privileges with Provider to obtain and maintain Participating Provider status with  Until
such  time  as  facility-based  providers  enter  into  agreements  with   Provider  agrees  to  fully
cooperate with  to prevent Members from being billed amounts in excess of the applicable
 non-participating  reimbursement  for  such  Covered  Services.  Facility-based  providers  may
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement  
© 2021 July V5.1 --  Services  Washington, Inc. 5 09/28/2021

include, but are not limited to, anesthesiologists, radiologists, pathologists, neonatologists, hospitalists and
emergency room physicians.
ARTICLE III 
CONFIDENTIALITY/RECORDS
3.1 Proprietary and Confidential Information . Except as otherwise provided herein, all information and material
provided by either party in contemplation of or in connection with this Agreement remains proprietary and
confidential to the disclosing party.  This Agreement, including but not limited to the  Rates, is
 proprietary  and  confidential  information.   Neither  party  shall  disclose  any  information
proprietary or confidential to the other, or use such information or material except: (1) as otherwise set forth
in this Agreement; (2) as may be required to perform obligations hereunder; (3) as required to deliver Health
Services or administer a Health Benefit Plan; (4) to Plan or its designees; (5) upon the express written
consent of the parties; or (6) as required by Regulatory Requirements.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, either
party may disclose such information to its legal advisors, lenders and business advisors, provided that such
legal advisors, lenders and business advisors agree to maintain confidentiality of such information.  Provider
and  shall each have a system in place that meets all applicable Regulatory Requirements to
protect all records and all other documents relating to this Agreement which are deemed confidential by law.
Any disclosure or transfer of proprietary or confidential information by Provider or  will be in
accordance  with  applicable  Regulatory  Requirements.   Provider  shall  immediately  notify   if
Provider is required to disclose any proprietary or confidential information at the request of an Agency or
pursuant to any federal or state freedom of information act request.
3.2 Confidentiality of Member Information
. Both parties agree to comply with the Health Insurance Portability
and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA") and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical
Health Act ("HITECH Act"), and as both may be amended, as well as any other applicable Regulatory
Requirements regarding confidentiality, use, disclosure, security and access of the Member's personally
identifiable information ("PII") and protected health information ("PHI"), (collectively "Member Information").
Provider shall review all Member Information received from  to ensure no misrouted Member
Information is included.  Misrouted Member Information includes but is not limited to, information about a
Member that Provider is not currently treating. Provider shall immediately destroy any misrouted Member
Information or safeguard the Member Information for as long as it is retained.  In no event shall Provider be
permitted to misuse or re-disclose misrouted Member Information.  If Provider cannot destroy or safeguard
misrouted Member Information, Provider must contact  to report receipt of misrouted Member
Information.
3.3 Network  Provider/Patient  Discussions
.  Notwithstanding  any  other  provision  in  this  Agreement  and
regardless  of any benefit  or  coverage  exclusions  or  limitations  associated  with a  Health  Benefit  Plan,
Provider shall not be prohibited from discussing fully with a Member any issues related to the Member's
health including recommended treatments, treatment alternatives, treatment risks and the consequences of
any benefit coverage or payment decisions made by Plan or any other party.  In addition,  nothing in this
Agreement shall be construed to, create any financial incentive for Provider to withhold Covered Services, or
prohibit Provider from disclosing to the Member the general methodology by which Provider is compensated
under this Agreement, such as for example, whether Provider is paid on a fee for service, capitation or
Percentage Rate basis.   Plan shall not refuse to allow or to continue the participation of any otherwise
eligible provider, or refuse to compensate Provider in connection with services rendered, solely because
Provider has in good faith communicated with one or more of his/her/its current, former or prospective
patients regarding the provisions, terms or requirements of a Health Benefit Plan as they relate to the health
needs of such patient.  Nothing in this section shall be construed to permit Provider to disclose 
Rates or specific terms of the compensation arrangement under this Agreement.
3.4 Plan  Access  to  and  Requests  for  Provider  Records .  Provider  and  its  designees  shall  comply  with  all
applicable state and federal record keeping and retention requirements, and, as set forth in the provider
manual(s) and/or Participation Attachment(s), shall permit Plan or its designees to have, with appropriate
working space and without charge, on-site access to and the right to perform an Audit, examine, copy,
excerpt and transcribe any books, documents, papers, and records related to Member's medical and billing
information within the possession of Provider and inspect Provider's operations, which involve transactions
relating to Members and as may be reasonably required by Plan in carrying out its responsibilities and
programs including, but not limited to, assessing quality of care, complying with quality initiatives/measures,
Medical Necessity, concurrent review, appropriateness of care, accuracy of Claims coding and payment, risk
adjustment assessment as described in the provider manual(s), including but not limited to completion of the
Encounter  Facilitation  Form  (also  called  the  "SOAP"  note),  compliance  with  this  Agreement,  and  for
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement  
© 2021 July V5.1 --  Services  Washington, Inc. 6 09/28/2021

research.  In lieu of on-site access, at Plan's request, Provider or its designees shall submit records to Plan,
or its designees via photocopy or electronic transmittal, within thirty (30) days, at no charge to Plan from
either  Provider  or  its  designee.   Provider  shall  make  such  records  available  to  the  state  and  federal
authorities  involved  in  assessing  quality  of  care  or  investigating  Member  grievances  or  complaints  in
compliance with Regulatory Requirements. Provider acknowledges that failure to submit records to Plan in
accordance with this provision and/or the provider manual(s), and/or Participation Attachment(s) may result
in  a denial  of  a Claim  under  review,  whether on  pre-payment  or  post-payment  review, or  a payment
retraction on a paid Claim, and Provider is prohibited from balance billing the Member in any of the foregoing
circumstances.
3.5 Transfer of Medical Records . Following a request, Provider shall transfer a Member's medical records in a
timely manner, or within such other time period required under applicable Regulatory Requirements, to other
health care providers treating a Member at no cost to  Plan, the Member, or other treating health
care providers.
3.6 Clinical Data Sharing
.  and Provider desire to collaborate by sharing data, including Member
Information,  to enhance  certain  health care  operations  activities, primarily to help  improve  quality  and
efficiency of health care. Each party's access to better clinical and administrative data is critical to the mutual
goal of  and Provider improving health care quality as it relates to their respective Members and
patients.  Therefore  and  upon  request,  Provider  agrees  to  provide  data  to   for  treatment
purposes, for payment purposes, for health care operations purposes consistent with those enumerated in
the first two paragraphs of the health care operations definition in HIPAA (45 CFR 164.501), or for purposes
of health care fraud and abuse detection or compliance. Provider shall provide data as set forth in Policies or
the provider manual(s), as applicable.
ARTICLE IV 
INSURANCE
4.1  Insurance.  shall self-insure or maintain insurance as required under applicable
Regulatory Requirements to insure  and its employees, acting within the scope of their duties.
4.2 Provider  Insurance .  Provider  shall  self-insure  or  maintain  insurance  in  types  and  amounts  reasonably
determined by Provider, or as required under applicable Regulatory Requirements.
ARTICLE V 
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES
5.1 Relationship of the Parties . For purposes of this Agreement,  and Provider are and will act at all
times as independent contractors.  Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed, or be deemed to create, a
relationship of employer or employee or principal and agent, partnership, joint venture, or any relationship
other than that of independent entities contracting with each other for the purposes of effectuating this
Agreement.
5.2 Provider Representations and Warranties
. Provider represents and warrants that it has the corporate power
and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement on its own behalf, and on behalf of any other individuals
or entities that are owned, or employed or subcontracted with or by Provider to provide services under this
Agreement. Provider further certifies that individuals or entities that are owned, employed or subcontracted
with Provider agree to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
ARTICLE VI 
INDEMNIFICATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
6.1 Indemnification
.  and Provider shall each indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other party,
and his/her/its directors, officers, employees, agents, Affiliates and subsidiaries ("Representatives"), from
and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including without limitation,
reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) arising from third party claims resulting from the indemnifying party's
or his/her/its Representative's failure to perform the indemnifying party's obligations under this Agreement,
and/or the indemnifying party's or his/her/its Representative's violation of any law, statute, ordinance, order,
standard of care, rule or regulation.  The obligation to provide indemnification under this Agreement shall be
contingent upon the party seeking indemnification providing the indemnifying party with prompt written notice
of any claim for which indemnification is sought, allowing the indemnifying party to control the defense and
settlement  of  such  claim,  provided  however  that  the  indemnifying  party  agrees  not  to  enter  into  any
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement  
© 2021 July V5.1 --  Services  Washington, Inc. 7 09/28/2021

settlement or compromise of any claim or action in a manner that admits fault or imposes any restrictions or
obligations on an indemnified party without that indemnified party's prior written consent  which will not be
unreasonably withheld, and cooperating fully with the indemnifying party in connection with such defense
and settlement.
6.2 Limitation of Liability . Regardless of whether there is a total and fundamental breach of this Agreement or
whether any remedy provided in this Agreement fails of its essential purpose, in no event shall either of the
parties hereto be liable for any amounts representing loss of revenues, loss of profits, loss of business, the
multiple portion of any multiplied damage award, or incidental, indirect, consequential, special or punitive
damages, whether arising in contract, tort (including negligence), or otherwise regardless of whether the
parties have been advised of the possibility of such damages, arising in any way out of or relating to this
Agreement.  Further, in no event shall Plan be liable to Provider for any extracontractual damages relating to
any claim or cause of action assigned to Provider by any person or entity.
ARTICLE VII 
DISPUTE RESOLUTION
7.1 Complaints  of Members
.  shall notify  the Provider concerning  any  complaint by a Member
involving that Provider or a Participating Provider of that Provider in accordance with procedures set forth in
the provider manual. The provisions of this Article shall only apply to disputes that have complied fully with
all grievance and appeal procedures set forth in the provider manual.
7.2 Negotiation of Disputes . In the event of a dispute arising out of this Agreement that is not resolved by, or is
not within the scope of relationship management set forth in the Agreement, or that is not resolved by
informal discussions among the parties, the parties shall negotiate the dispute.  Any party may initiate
negotiation by sending a written description of the dispute to the other parties by certified or registered mail
or personal delivery.  The description shall explain the nature of the dispute in detail and set forth a
proposed resolution, including a specific time frame within which the parties must act.  The party receiving
the letter must respond in writing within thirty (30) days with a detailed explanation of its position and a
response to the proposed resolution.  Within thirty (30) days of the initiating party receiving this response,
principals of the party who have authority to settle the dispute will meet to discuss the resolution of the
dispute.  The initiating party shall initiate the scheduling of this negotiating session.
7.2.1 In the event the parties are unable to resolve the dispute following the negotiation, a party shall
have the right to pursue all available remedies at law or equity, including injunctive relief.
7.3 Dispute Resolution
. Except as expressly permitted under Regulatory Requirements or regulations governing
dispute resolution, no process for the resolution of disputes arising out of a participating provider contract
shall be considered fair under RCW 48.43.055 unless the process meets all the provisions of WAC 284-170-
440.
7.3.1 A dispute resolution process may include an initial informal process but must include a formal
process for resolution of all contract disputes.
7.3.2  may have different types of dispute resolution processes as necessary for specialized
concerns such as provider credentialing or as otherwise required by law. For example, disputes
over Government Program coverage of Covered Services are subject to the grievance procedures
established for Members.
7.3.3  must allow not less than thirty (30) days after the action giving rise to a dispute for
providers to complain and initiate the dispute resolution process.
7.3.4  may not require alternative dispute resolution to the exclusion of judicial remedies;
however,  may require alternative dispute resolution prior to judicial remedies.
7.3.5  must render a decision on provider complaints within a reasonable time for the type of
dispute. In the case of billing disputes,  must render a decision within sixty (60) days of
the complaint.
7.4 Period of Limitations . Unless otherwise provided for in this Agreement or a Participation Attachment(s),
neither party shall commence any action at law or equity against the other to recover on any legal or
equitable claim arising out of this Agreement ("Action") more than two (2) years after the events which gave
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement  
© 2021 July V5.1 --  Services  Washington, Inc. 8 09/28/2021

rise to such Action; provided, however, this two (2) year limitation shall not apply to Actions by 
against Provider related to fraud, waste or abuse which shall be subject to the period of limitations set forth
in applicable Regulatory Requirements.  In the situation where Provider believes that  underpaid
a Claim, the Action arises on the date when  first denies the Claim or first pays the Claim in an
amount less than expected by Provider. In the situation where  believes that it overpaid a Claim,
the Action arises when Provider first contests in writing  notice to it that the overpayment was
made.  The deadline for initiating an Action shall not be tolled by the appeal process, provider dispute
resolution process or any other administrative process.  To the extent an Action is timely commenced, it will
be administered in accordance with Article VII of this Agreement.
ARTICLE VIII 
TERM AND TERMINATION
8.1 Term of Agreement . This Agreement shall commence at 12:01 AM on the Effective Date for a term of one
(1) year, and shall continue automatically in effect thereafter for consecutive one (1) year terms unless
otherwise terminated as provided herein.
8.2 Termination Without Cause . Either party may terminate this Agreement without cause at any time by giving
at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior written notice of termination to the other party.  Notwithstanding
the foregoing, should a Participation Attachment(s) contain a longer without cause termination period, the
Agreement shall continue in effect only for such applicable Participation Attachment(s) until the termination
without cause notice period in the applicable Participation Attachment(s) ends.
8.3 Breach of Agreement
. Except for circumstances giving rise to the Immediate Termination section, if either
party fails to comply with or perform when due any material term or condition of this Agreement, the other
party shall notify the breaching party of its breach in writing stating the specific nature of the material breach,
and the breaching party shall have thirty (30) days to cure the breach.  If the breach is not cured to the
reasonable satisfaction of the non-breaching party within said thirty (30) day period, the non-breaching party
may terminate this Agreement by providing written notice of such termination to the other party.  The
effective date of such termination shall be no sooner than sixty (60) days after such notice of termination.
8.4 Immediate Termination
. 
8.4.1 This Agreement or any Participation Attachment(s) may be terminated immediately by 
if:
8.4.1.1 Provider commits any act or conduct for which his/her/its license(s), permit(s), or any
governmental  or  board  authorization(s)  or  approval(s)  necessary  for  business
operations or to provide Health Services are lost or voluntarily surrendered in whole or
in part; or
8.4.1.2 Provider  commits fraud or makes any material  misstatements or omissions on any
documents related to this Agreement which Provider submits to  or to a third
party; or
8.4.1.3 Provider files a petition in bankruptcy for liquidation or reorganization by or against
Provider, if Provider becomes insolvent, or makes an assignment for the benefit of its
creditors without  written consent, or if a receiver is appointed for Provider
or its property; or
8.4.1.4 Provider's insurance coverage as required by this Agreement lapses for any reason; or
8.4.1.5 Provider fails to maintain compliance with Plan's applicable credentialing requirements,
accreditation requirements or standards of participation; or
8.4.1.6  reasonably believes based on Provider's conduct or inaction, or allegations
of such conduct or inaction, that the well-being of patients may be jeopardized; or
8.4.1.7 Provider has been abusive to a Member, an  employee or representative; or
8.4.1.8 Provider  and/or  his/her/its  employees,  contractors,  subcontractors,  or  agents  are
ineligible,  excluded,  suspended,  terminated  or  debarred  from  participating  in  a
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement  
© 2021 July V5.1 --  Services  Washington, Inc. 9 09/28/2021

Government Program, and in the case of an employee, contractor, subcontractor or
agent, Provider fails to remove such individual from responsibility for, or involvement
with, the Provider's business operations related to this Agreement, or if Provider has
voluntarily withdrawn his/her/its participation in any Government Program as the result
of a settlement agreement; or
8.4.1.9 Provider is convicted or has been finally adjudicated to have committed a felony or
misdemeanor, other than a non-DUI related traffic violation.
8.4.2 This Agreement may be terminated immediately by Provider if:
8.4.2.1  commits  any  act  or  conduct  for  which  its  license(s),  permit(s),  or  any
governmental  or  board  authorization(s)  or  approval(s)  necessary  for  business
operations are lost or voluntarily surrendered in whole or in part; or
8.4.2.2  commits fraud or makes any material misstatements or omissions on any
documents related to this Agreement which it submits to Provider or to a third party; or
8.4.2.3  files for bankruptcy, or if a receiver is appointed.
8.5 Partial Termination of Participating Providers .  shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement as it
applies to one or a number of Participating Providers under the terms of this Article VIII, without terminating
the Agreement in its entirety, and in such case, the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect in
connection with Provider and/or any and all Participating Providers as to which the Agreement has not been
terminated.   Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,   reserves  the  right  to  terminate  Participating
Provider(s) from any or all Network(s) under the terms of this Article VIII while continuing the Agreement for
the remaining Participating Provider(s).
8.6 Transactions Prior to Termination
. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, termination shall have no
effect on the rights and obligations of the parties arising out of any transaction under this Agreement
occurring prior to the date of such termination.
8.7 Continuation of Care Upon Termination
. If this Agreement or any Participation Attachment terminates for any
reasons other than one of the grounds set forth in the "Immediate Termination" section, then Provider shall,
at  discretion, continue to provide Covered Services to all designated Members under this
Agreement  or  any  terminating  Participation  Attachment,  as  applicable,  in  accordance  with  Regulatory
Requirements.  During  such  continuation  period,  Provider  agrees  to:  (i)  accept  reimbursement  from
 for all Covered Services furnished hereunder in accordance with this Agreement and at the
rates set forth in the PCS attached hereto; and (ii) adhere to  Policies, including but not limited
to, Policies regarding quality assurance requirements, referrals, pre-authorization and treatment planning.
8.8 Survival
. The provisions of this Agreement set forth below shall survive termination or expiration of this
Agreement or any Participation Attachment(s):
8.8.1 Publication and Use of Provider Information;
8.8.2 Payment in Full and Hold Harmless;
8.8.3 Recoupment/Offset/Adjustment for Overpayments;
8.8.4 Confidentiality/Records;
8.8.5 Indemnification and Limitation of Liability;
8.8.6 Dispute Resolution;
8.8.7 Continuation of Care Upon Termination; and
8.8.8 Any other provisions required in order to comply with Regulatory Requirements.
ARTICLE IX 
GENERAL PROVISIONS
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement  
© 2021 July V5.1 --  Services  Washington, Inc. 10 09/28/2021

9.1 Amendment . Except as otherwise expressly permitted under Regulatory Requirements, this Agreement may
be amended by the mutual agreement of the parties as evidenced in a writing signed by the parties. In
addition,  shall be entitled to amend this Agreement as follows without the written agreement of
Provider:
9.1.1 Upon  thirty  (30) days  prior  written notice  to  Provider, if  the  amendment  is being  effected  by
 to comply with a Regulatory Requirement, such amendment shall be effective as of the
effective date set forth in the amendment. Notwithstanding the above,  shall be entitled
to amend the Agreement upon less than thirty (30) days prior written notice if a shorter notice
period is required in order to comply with such Regulatory Requirement.
9.1.2 Upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to Provider, to the extent the amendment is being effected
by  for a purpose other than compliance with a Regulatory Requirement.  Provider shall
be entitled to object to the amendment, by written notice provided to  within sixty (60)
days  following  Provider's  receipt  of  such  amendment.   If  a  timely  objection  is  received  by
 then the amendment shall take effect until the parties mutually agree on a resolution to
the objection or this Agreement is terminated in accordance with the terms hereof.
9.1.3 An amendment to the Agreement may not be made retroactive without the consent of the Provider.
9.2 Assignment .  This  Agreement  may  not  be  assigned  by  Provider  without  the  prior  written  consent  of
  Any assignment by Provider without such prior consent shall be voidable at the sole discretion
of    may assign this Agreement in whole or in part.  In the event of a partial
assignment  of  this  Agreement  by   the  obligations  of  the  Provider  shall  be  performed  for
 with respect to the part retained and shall be performed for  assignee with respect
to the part assigned, and such assignee is solely responsible to perform all obligations of  with
respect to the part assigned. The rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall inure to the benefit of,
and shall be binding upon, any permitted successors and assigns of the parties hereto.
9.3 Scope/Change in Status
. 
9.3.1  and  Provider  agree  that  this  Agreement  applies  to  Health  Services  rendered  by
Provider at the Provider's location(s) on file with  may, in its discretion,
limit  this  Agreement  to Provider's  locations,  operations,  business  or  corporate form,  status  or
structure in existence on the Effective Date of this Agreement and prior to the occurrence of any of
the events set forth in subsections 9.3.1.1 – 9.3.1.5.  Unless otherwise required by Regulatory
Requirements, Provider shall provide at least ninety (90) days prior written notice of any such
event.
9.3.1.1 Provider (a) sells, transfers or conveys his/her/its business or any substantial portion of
his/her/its  business  assets  to  another  entity  through  any  manner  including  but  not
limited  to  a stock, real estate  or  asset  transaction  or other  type  of  transfer;  (b) is
otherwise acquired or controlled by any other entity through any manner, including but
not  limited  to  purchase,  merger,  consolidation,  alliance,  joint  venture,  partnership,
association, or expansion; or
9.3.1.2 Provider transfers control of his/her/its management or operations to any third party,
including  Provider  entering  into  a  management  contract  with  a  physician  practice
management company or with another entity which does not manage Provider as of the
Effective  Date  of  this  Agreement,  or  there  is  a  subsequent  change  in  control  of
Provider's current management company; or
9.3.1.3 Provider acquires or controls any other medical practice, facility, service, beds or entity;
or
9.3.1.4 Provider changes his/her/its locations, business or operations, corporate form or status,
tax identification number, or similar demographic information; or
9.3.1.5 Provider creates or otherwise operates a licensed health maintenance organization or
commercial  health  plan  (whether  such  creation  or  operation  is  direct  or  through  a
Provider affiliate).
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement  
© 2021 July V5.1 --  Services  Washington, Inc. 11 09/28/2021

9.3.2 Notwithstanding the termination provisions of Article VIII, and without limiting any of 
rights as set forth elsewhere in this Agreement,  shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement by giving at least sixty (60) days written notice to Provider if  determines,
that as a result of any of the transactions listed in subsection 9.3.1, Provider cannot satisfactorily
perform the obligations hereunder, or cannot comply with one or more of the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, including but not limited to the confidentiality provisions herein; or 
elects in its reasonable business discretion not to do business with Provider, the successor entity or
new management company, as a result of one or more of the events as set forth in subsection
9.3.1.
9.3.3 Provider shall provide  with thirty (30) days prior written notice of:
9.3.3.1 Addition or removal of individual provider(s) who are employed or subcontracted with
Provider, if applicable.  Any new individual providers must meet Plan's credentialing
requirements or other applicable standards of participation prior to being designated as
a Participating Provider; or
9.3.3.2 A change in mailing address.
9.3.4 If Provider is acquired by, acquires or merges with another entity, and such entity already has an
agreement with  will determine in its sole discretion which Agreement will
prevail.
9.4 Definitions
. Unless otherwise specifically noted, the definitions as set forth in Article I of this Agreement will
have the same meaning when used in any attachment, the provider manual(s) and Policies.
9.5 Entire Agreement . This Agreement, exhibits, attachments, appendices, and amendments hereto, and the
provider  manual(s),  together  with  any  items  incorporated  herein  by  reference,  constitute  the  entire
understanding between the parties and supersedes all prior oral or written agreements between them with
respect to the matters provided for herein.  If there is an inconsistency between any of the provisions of this
Agreement  and  the  provider manual(s),  then  this  Agreement  shall govern.   In addition,  if  there is  an
inconsistency  between the terms of this  Agreement and the terms provided  in any attachment  to this
Agreement, then the terms provided in that attachment shall govern.
9.6 Force Majeure . Neither party shall be deemed to be in violation of this Agreement if such party is prevented
from performing any of his/her/its obligations hereunder due to natural or man-made disasters, including fire,
flood, earthquake, terrorism, or any similar unforeseeable act beyond its reasonable control, acts of any
public enemy, statutory or other laws, regulations, rules, orders, or actions of the federal, state, or local
government or any agency thereof.
9.7 Compliance with Regulatory Requirements
.  and Provider agree to comply with all applicable
Regulatory Requirements, as amended from time to time, relating to their obligations under this Agreement,
and maintain in effect all permits, licenses and governmental and board authorizations and approvals as
necessary for business operations.  Provider warrants that as of the Effective Date, he/she/it is and shall
remain licensed and certified for the term of this Agreement in accordance with all Regulatory Requirements
(including those applicable to utilization review and Claims payment) relating to the provision of Health
Services to Members.  Provider shall supply evidence of such licensure, compliance and certifications to
 upon  request.   If  there  is  a  conflict  between  this  section  and  any  other  provision  in  this
Agreement, then this section shall control.
9.7.1 In addition to the foregoing, Provider warrants and represents that at the time of entering into this
Agreement,  neither  he/she/it  nor  any  of  his/her/its  employees,  contractors,  subcontractors,
principals or agents are ineligible, excluded, suspended, terminated or debarred from participating
in a Government Program ("Ineligible Person"). Provider shall remain continuously responsible for
ensuring  that  his/her/its  employees,  contractors,  subcontractors,  principals  or  agents  are  not
Ineligible Persons.  If Provider or any employees, subcontractors, principals or agents thereof
becomes an Ineligible Person after entering into this Agreement or otherwise fails to disclose
his/her/its  Ineligible  Person  status, Provider  shall  have  an obligation  to  (1) immediately  notify
 of such Ineligible Person status and (2) within ten (10) days of such notice, remove
such individual from responsibility for, or involvement with, Provider's business operations related
to this Agreement.
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement  
© 2021 July V5.1 --  Services  Washington, Inc. 12 09/28/2021

9.8 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
State of Washington, unless such state laws are otherwise preempted by federal law.   However, coverage
issues specific to a Health Benefit Plan are governed by the state laws where the Health Benefit Plan is
issued, unless such state laws are otherwise preempted by federal law.
9.9 Intent of the Parties . It is the intent of the parties that this Agreement is to be effective only in regards to their
rights and obligations with respect to each other; it is expressly not the intent of the parties to create any
independent rights in any third party or to make any third party a third party beneficiary of this Agreement,
except to the extent specified in the Payment in Full and Hold Harmless section of this Agreement, or in a
Participation Attachment(s).
9.10 Non-Exclusive Participation
. None of the provisions of this Agreement shall prevent Provider or Plan from
participating  in  or  contracting  with  any  provider,  preferred  provider  organization,  health  maintenance
organization/health  insuring  corporation,  or  any  other  health  delivery  or  insurance  program.   Provider
acknowledges that Plan does not warrant or guarantee that Provider will be utilized by any particular number
of Members.
9.11 Notice
. Any notice required to be given pursuant to the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be in
writing and shall be delivered by hand, facsimile, electronic mail, or mail.  Notice shall be deemed to be
effective: (a) when delivered by hand, (b) upon transmittal when transmitted by facsimile transmission or by
electronic mail, (c) upon receipt by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, (d) on the next business day
if transmitted by national overnight courier, or (e) if sent by regular mail, five (5) days from the date set forth
on the correspondence.  Unless specified otherwise in writing by a party,  shall send Provider
notice to an address that  has on file for Provider, and Provider shall send  notice to
 address as set forth in the provider manual(s).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, and unless
otherwise required by Regulatory Requirements,  may post updates to its provider manual(s)
and Policies on its web site.
9.12 Severability
. In case  any  one  or  more of the provisions  of  this  Agreement  shall  be  invalid,  illegal,  or
unenforceable in any respect, the remaining provisions shall be construed liberally in order to effectuate the
purposes hereof, and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way
be  affected  or  impaired  thereby.   If  one  or  more  provisions  of  the  Agreement  are  invalid,  illegal  or
unenforceable and an amendment to the Agreement is necessary to maintain its integrity, the parties shall
make commercially reasonable efforts to negotiate an amendment to this Agreement and any attachments
or  addenda  to  this  Agreement  which  could  reasonably  be  construed  not  to  contravene  such  statute,
regulation, or interpretation.  In addition, if such invalid, unenforceable or materially affected provision(s)
may be severed from this Agreement and/or attachments or addenda to this Agreement without materially
affecting the parties' intent when this Agreement was executed, then such provision(s) shall be severed
rather than terminating the Agreement or any attachments or addenda to this Agreement.
9.13 Waiver
. Neither the waiver by either of the parties of a breach of any of the provisions of this Agreement, nor
the failure  of either of the parties,  on one or more occasion,  to enforce any of the provisions  of this
Agreement, shall thereafter be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach of any of the provisions of
this Agreement.
9.14 Construction
. This Agreement shall be construed without regard to any presumption or other rule requiring
construction against the party causing this Agreement to be drafted.
9.15 Counterparts and Electronic Signatures . 
9.15.1 This Agreement and any amendment hereto may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one
and the same agreement.
9.15.2 Either party may execute this Agreement or any amendments by valid electronic signature, and
such signature shall have the same legal effect of a signed original.
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement  
© 2021 July V5.1 --  Services  Washington, Inc. 13 09/28/2021


PROVIDER NETWORKS ATTACHMENT
Provider shall be designated as a Participating Provider in the following Networks on the later of: 1) the
Effective Date of this Agreement or; 2) as determined by Plan in its sole discretion, the date Provider has met
applicable credentialing requirements, standards of participation and accreditation requirements:
Government Programs:
Health Benefit Plans issued pursuant to an agreement between Plan and Agency in which Members have
access to a network of providers and receive an enhanced level of benefits when they obtain Covered
Services from Participating Providers regardless of product licensure status.  Provider participates in one or
more of the following Networks which support such Health Benefit Plans:
•  Medicaid Network
• Medicare Advantage
Other Programs
:
• Wraparound with Intensive Services (WISe) Program (Medicaid)
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement  
© 2021 July V5.1 --  Services  Washington, 
Inc.
15 09/28/2021

MEDICAID
PARTICIPATION ATTACHMENT TO THE
 WASHINGTON, INC.
PROVIDER AGREEMENT
This is a Medicaid Participation Attachment ("Attachment") to the  Provider Agreement ("Agreement"),
entered into by and between  and Provider and is incorporated into the Agreement.
ARTICLE I 
DEFINITIONS
The following definitions shall apply to this Attachment.  Terms not otherwise defined in this Attachment shall carry
the meaning set forth in the Agreement.
"Clean Claim" means a claim that can be processed without obtaining additional information from the provider of the
service or from a third party and has no defect or impropriety, including any lack of any required substantiating
documentation, or particular circumstances requiring special treatment that prevents timely payments from being
made on the claim.
"Medicaid Program(s)" means, for purposes of this Attachment, a medical assistance program provided under a
Health Benefit Plan approved under Title XVI, (Supplemental Security Income), Title XIX (Medicaid) and/or Title XXI
(Children's Health Insurance Program "CHIP Program(s)") of the Social Security Act or any other federal or state
funded program or product as designated by 
"Medicaid Covered Services" means, for purposes of this Attachment, only those Covered Services provided under
Plan's Medicaid Program(s); health care services that HCA determines are covered for enrollees, those health care
services  (including  Behavioral  Health  Care  Services)  that  a  Medicaid  Member  is  entitled  to  receive  through
 pursuant to Regulatory Requirements, and for which a PCS is attached hereto setting forth the Providers'
reimbursement under one or more Programs.  Medicaid Covered Services do not include the preventable adverse
events as set forth in the provider manual(s).
"Medicaid  Member"  means,  for  purposes  of  this  Attachment,  a  Member  who  is  enrolled  in  Plan's  Medicaid
Program(s).
"Medically Necessary/Medical Necessity" means services that are "medically necessary" as is defined in WAC 182-
500-0070  those  services,  based  upon  generally  accepted  medical  practices  in  light  of  the  Medicaid  Covered
Member's condition at the time of treatment, that are: (i) appropriate and consistent with the diagnosis of the treating
provider and the omission of which could adversely affect the Medicaid Member's medical condition; (ii)  compatible
with the standards of acceptable medical practice in the community; (iii) provided in a safe, appropriate, and cost-
effective setting given the nature of the diagnosis and the severity of the symptoms; (iv) not provided solely for the
convenience of the Medicaid Member or the convenience of the provider or hospital; (v) not primarily custodial care
unless custodial care is a Medicaid Covered Service; and (vi) there are no other effective and more conservative or
substantially less costly treatment, service and setting available.
"State Agency" means the Washington Health Care Authority ("HCA") or other duly authorized state agency.
ARTICLE II 
SERVICES/OBLIGATIONS
2.1 Participation-Medicaid Network . As a participant in  Medicaid Network, Provider will render
Medicaid  Covered Services to Medicaid  Members in accordance with the  terms and conditions of the
Agreement and this Attachment consistent with the provisions of 42 CFR 434.6.  Such Medicaid Covered
Services provided shall be within the scope of Provider's licensure, expertise, and usual and customary
range of services pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and this Attachment, and Provider
shall  be  responsible  to   for  his/her/its  performance  hereunder.   Provider  shall  release  to
 any information necessary for  to perform any of its obligations under the Agreement
or  under  the Government  Contract.  Except as set forth  in  this  Attachment  or the Plan Compensation
Schedule  ("PCS"),  all  terms  and  conditions  of  the  Agreement  will  apply  to  Provider's  participation  in
 Medicaid Network. The terms and conditions set forth in this Attachment are limited to the
provision of and payment for Health Services provided to Medicaid Members.
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicaid Attachment
© 2021 July V2 –  Services  Washington, Inc. 16 09/28/2021

2.2 Provider's Duties and Obligations to Medicaid Members . All of Provider's duties and obligations to Members
set forth in the Agreement shall also apply to Medicaid Members unless otherwise specifically set forth in
this Attachment. Provider shall not discriminate in the acceptance of Medicaid Members for treatment, and
shall provide to Medicaid Members the same access to services, including but not limited to, hours of
operation, as Provider gives to all other patients.  Provider shall furnish  with at least ninety (90)
days prior written notice if Provider plans to close its practice to new patients or ceases to continue in
Provider's current practice.
2.2.1 To  the  extent  mandated  by  Regulatory  Requirements,  Provider  shall  ensure  that  Medicaid
Members  have  access  to  twenty-four  (24)  hour-per-day,  seven  (7)  day-per-week  urgent  and
Emergency Services, as defined in the PCS.
2.2.2 Unless otherwise required under Regulatory Requirements, a PCP, as defined in the PCS, shall
provide Medicaid Covered Services or make arrangements for the provision of Medicaid Covered
Services to Medicaid Members on a twenty-four (24) hour-per-day, seven (7) day-per-week basis to
assure availability, adequacy, and continuity of care to Medicaid Members.  If Provider is unable to
provide Medicaid Covered Services, Provider shall arrange for another Participating Provider to
cover  Provider's  patients  in  accordance  with   Policies.   Provider  and  any  PCPs
employed  by  or  under  contract  with  Provider  may  arrange  for  Medicaid  Covered  Services  to
Medicaid Members to be performed by a Specialist Physician only in accordance with 
Policies.
2.2.3 If Provider is furnishing Specialist Physician services under this Attachment, Provider and the
Specialist Physician(s) employed by or under contract with Provider, shall accept as patients all
Medicaid Members and may arrange for Medicaid Covered Services to Medicaid Members to be
performed by Specialist Physician only in accordance with  Policies.
2.2.4 If Provider is a mental health care practitioner and providers Health Services to a Medicaid Member
during  an  appeal  or adverse  certification  process,  the Provider  must  provide  to the  Medicaid
Member written notification that the Medicaid Member is responsible for the payment of these
Health Services, unless the health carrier elects to pay for the Health Services provided.
2.3 Provider Responsibility
.  shall not be liable for, nor will it exercise control or direction over, the
manner or method by which Provider provides Health Services to Medicaid Members. Provider shall be
solely responsible for all medical advice and services provided by Provider to Medicaid Members. Provider
acknowledges and agrees that  may deny payment for services rendered to a Medicaid Member
which it determines are not Medically Necessary, are not Medicaid Covered Services under the applicable
Medicaid Program(s), or are not otherwise provided or billed in accordance with the Agreement and/or this
Attachment.  A denial of payment or any action taken by  pursuant to a utilization review, referral,
discharge  planning  program  or  claims  adjudication  shall  not  be  construed  as  a  waiver  of  Provider's
obligation  to  provide  appropriate  Health  Services  to  a  Medicaid  Member  under  applicable  Regulatory
Requirements and any code of professional responsibility. Provider may discuss treatment or non-treatment
options  with  Medicaid  Member  irrespective  of  whether  such  treatment  options  are  Medicaid  Covered
Services. However, this provision does not require Provider to provide Health Services if Provider objects to
such service on moral or religious grounds.
2.3.1 No health carrier subject to the jurisdiction of the state of Washington may in any way preclude or
discourage  their  providers  from  informing  patients  of  the  care  they  require,  including  various
treatment  options,  and  whether  in  their  view  such  care  is  consistent  with  Medical  Necessity,
medical appropriateness, or otherwise covered by the patient's service agreement with the health
carrier. No health carrier may prohibit, discourage, or penalize a provider otherwise practicing in
compliance with the law from advocating on behalf of a patient with a health carrier. Nothing in this
section shall be construed to authorize Provider to bind health carriers to pay for any service.
2.3.2 No health carrier may preclude or discourage Members or those paying for their coverage from
discussing the comparative merits of different health carriers with their providers. This prohibition
specifically includes prohibiting or limiting providers participating in those discussions even if critical
of a carrier.
2.4 Reporting Fraud and Abuse
. Provider shall cooperate with  anti-fraud compliance program.  If
Provider identifies any actual or suspected fraud, abuse or misconduct in connection with the services
rendered hereunder in violation of Regulatory Requirements, Provider shall promptly report such activity
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicaid Attachment
© 2021 July V2 –  Services  Washington, Inc. 17 09/28/2021

directly to the compliance officer of  or through the compliance hotline in accordance with the
provider manual(s).  In addition, Provider is not limited in any respect in reporting other actual or suspected
fraud, abuse, or misconduct to   Provider shall also refer all potential allegations of fraud to HCA
and the Medicaid Fraud Control Division (MFCD) as described in 42 C.F.R § 455.23.
2.5 Plan  Marketing/Information  Requirements .  Provider  agrees  to  abide  by  Plan's  marketing/information
requirements.  Provider shall forward to Plan for prior approval all flyers, brochures, letters and pamphlets
Provider  intends  to  distribute  to   Medicaid  Members  concerning  its  payor  affiliations,  or
changes in affiliation or relating directly to the Medicaid population. Provider will not distribute any marketing
or recipient informing materials without the consent of Plan or the applicable State Agency.
2.6 Schedule of Benefits and Determination of Medicaid Covered Services
.  shall make available
upon Provider's request schedules of Medicaid Covered Services for applicable Medicaid Program(s), and
will notify Provider in a timely manner of any material amendments or modifications to such schedules.
2.7 Medicaid Member Verification
. Provider shall establish a Medicaid Member's eligibility for Medicaid Covered
Services prior to rendering services, except in the case of an Emergency Condition, as defined in the PCS,
where  such verification may not be possible.   In the case of an Emergency  Condition, Provider shall
establish a Medicaid Member's eligibility as soon as reasonably practical.  Plan shall provide a system for
Providers to contact Plan to verify a Medicaid Member's eligibility twenty-four (24) hours a day, seven (7)
days per week.  Nothing contained in this Attachment or the Agreement shall, or shall be construed to,
require advance notice, coverage verification, or pre-authorization for Emergency Services, as defined in the
PCS,  provided  in  accordance  with  the  federal  Emergency  Medical  Treatment  and  Active  Labor  Act
("EMTALA") prior to Provider's rendering such Emergency Services.
2.8 Hospital Affiliation and Privileges
. To the extent required under Plan's credentialing requirements, Provider
or any Participating Providers employed by or under contract or subcontract with Provider shall maintain
privileges to practice at one or more of  participating hospitals or furnish documentation to
 that referral arrangements have been made with another  contracted provider to
assume the Participating Provider admission responsibilities of Provider.  In addition, in accordance with the
Change in Provider Information Section of the Agreement, Provider shall immediately notify  in
the event any such hospital privileges are revoked, limited, surrendered, or suspended at any hospital or
health care facility.
2.9 Participating  Provider  Requirements
.  If  Provider  is  a  group  provider,  Provider  shall  require  that  all
Participating Providers employed by or under contract or subcontract with Provider comply with all terms and
conditions of the Agreement and this Attachment.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Provider acknowledges
and agrees that  is not obligated to accept as Participating Providers all providers employed by
or under contract or subcontract with Provider.
2.10 Coordinated and Managed Care
. Provider shall participate in utilization management and care management
programs  designed  to  facilitate  the  coordination  of  services  as  referenced  in  the  applicable  provider
manual(s).
2.11 Representations  and  Warranties .  Provider  represents  and  warrants  that  all  information  provided  to
 is true and correct as of the date such information is furnished, and that Provider is unaware of
any  undisclosed  facts  or  circumstances  that  would  make  such  information  inaccurate  or  misleading.
Provider further represents and warrants that Provider: (i) is legally authorized to provide the services
contemplated hereunder; (ii) is qualified to participate in all applicable Medicaid Program(s); (iii) is not in
violation  of  any  licensure  or  accreditation  requirement  applicable  to  Provider  under  Regulatory
Requirements; (iv) has not been convicted of bribery or attempted bribery of any official or employee of the
jurisdiction in which Provider operates, nor made an admission of guilt of such conduct which is a matter of
record; (v) is capable of providing all data related to the services provided hereunder in a timely manner as
reasonably  required  by   to  satisfy  its  internal  requirements  and  Regulatory  Requirements,
including, without limitation, data required under the Health Employer Data and Information Set ("HEDIS")
and National Committee for Quality Assurance ("NCQA") requirements; and (vi) is not, to Provider's best
knowledge, the subject of an inquiry or investigation that could foreseeably result in Provider failing to
comply with the representations set forth herein.  In accordance with the Change in Provider Information
Section of the Agreement, Provider shall immediately provide  with written notice of any material
changes to such information.
ARTICLE III 
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicaid Attachment
© 2021 July V2 –  Services  Washington, Inc. 18 09/28/2021

COMPENSATION AND AUDIT
3.1 Submission and Adjudication of Medicaid Claims . Unless otherwise instructed, or required by Regulatory
Requirements,  Provider  shall  submit  Claims  to  Plan,  using  appropriate  and  current  Coded  Service
Identifier(s), within three hundred sixty-five (365) days from the date the Health Services are rendered or
Plan may refuse payment. If Plan is the secondary payor, the three hundred sixty-five (365) day period will
not begin until Provider receives notification of primary payor's responsibility.
3.1.1 Provider agrees to submit Claims in a format consistent with industry standards and acceptable to
Plan  either  (a)  electronically  through  electronic  data  interchange  ("EDI"),  or  (b)  if  electronic
submission  is  not  available,  utilizing  paper  forms  as  defined  by  the  National  Uniform  Claim
Committee ("NUCC").
3.1.2 Provider agrees to provide to  unless otherwise instructed, at no cost to 
Plan or the Medicaid Member, all information necessary for Plan to determine its payment liability.
Such information includes, without limitation, accurate and Clean Claims for Medicaid Covered
Services.  If  or Plan asks for additional information so that Plan may process the Claim,
Provider must provide that information within sixty (60) days, or before the expiration of the three
hundred sixty-five (365) day period referenced in section 3.1 above, whichever is longer.
3.1.3 Once  determines Plan has any payment liability, all Clean Claims will be adjudicated in
accordance with the terms and conditions of a Medicaid Member's Health Benefit Plan, the PCS,
the  provider  manual(s),  and  the  Regulatory  Requirements  applicable  to  Plan's  Medicaid
Program(s).
3.1.4  shall meet the timeliness of payment standards specified for Medicaid fee-for-service in
Section 1902(a)(37)(A) of the Social Security Act, 42 C.F.R. § 447.46 and specified for health
carriers in WAC 284-170-431.  To be compliant with both payment standards,   shall
pay ninety-five percent (95%) of  the monthly volume of Clean Claims within thirty (30) calendar
days of receipt and  shall pay or deny ninety-five percent (95%) of the monthly volume of all Claims
within sixty (60) days of receipt. Notwithstanding the foregoing,  and Provider may
agree to a different payment requirement in writing on a claim by claim basis.
3.1.5  shall pay Provider interest at the rate of one percent (1%) per month, as set forth in
WAC 284-170- 431 (d)  which section may be amended or recodified from time to time, on the
unpaid  or undenied portion of Clean Claims not adjudicated within the time periods discussed
above, as required under applicable prompt pay requirements.
3.1.6 Provider  agrees  to  accept  payments  or  appropriate  denials  made  in  accordance  with  this
Agreement as payment in full for all Medicaid Covered Services provided to Medicaid Members.
Provider shall be responsible for collecting co-payments from Medicaid Members to the extent
required by Regulatory Requirements.
3.2 This provision intentionally left blank.
3.3 Audit  for  Compliance  with  CMS  Guidelines
.  Notwithstanding  any  other  terms  and  conditions  of  the
Agreement, this Attachment, or the PCS, Plan has the same rights as CMS, to review and/or Audit and, to
the extent necessary recover payments on any claim for Medicaid Covered Services rendered pursuant to
this Attachment and the Agreement to ensure compliance with CMS Regulatory Requirements.
3.4 Records Retention . In addition to the Plan Access to and Requests for Provider Records provision of the
Agreement, Provider shall maintain an adequate record system for recording services, charges, dates and
all other commonly accepted information elements for Medicaid Covered Services in a manner that is
current, detailed and organized, and that permits effective and confidential patient care and quality review,
administrative, civil and/or criminal investigations and/or prosecutions. Provider shall maintain all medical
records for Medicaid Members in accordance with applicable Regulatory Requirements.
3.4.1 In  addition  to  and  without  limiting  any  audit  rights  otherwise  set  forth  in  the  Agreement  and
immediate access for Medicaid fraud investigators, Provider agrees that agents and employees of
HCA and HHS shall have the right to inspect, evaluate and audit any pertinent books, financial
records, documents, papers, and records of Provider involving financial transactions related to a
Government Contract.  HCA representatives and authorized federal and state personnel including,
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicaid Attachment
© 2021 July V2 –  Services  Washington, Inc. 19 09/28/2021

but not limited to the Office of the Inspector General (OIG), the Medicaid Fraud Control Unit
(MFCU), HHS, the Department of Justice (DOJ), the Comptroller of the Treasury and any other
duly authorized state or federal agency, shall have immediate and complete access to all records
pertaining to services provided to Medicaid Members.
3.4.2 Provider shall make all records, including, but not limited to, financial, administrative and medical
records available at Provider's expense, including computerized data stored by Provider, to any
duly authorized government agency, including, but not limited to, HCA, CMS, OIG, MFCU, HHS,
DOJ and the Office of the Comptroller of the Treasury, upon any authorized government agency's
request for administrative, civil and/or criminal review, audit, evaluation, inspection, investigation
and/or prosecution .  HCA, CMS, OIG, MFCU, HHS, DOJ and the Office of the Comptroller of the
Treasury, as well as any authorized state or federal agency or entity shall have the right to evaluate
through inspection, evaluation, review or request, whether announced or unannounced, or other
means, any record pertinent to this Attachment, including but not limited to medical records, billing
records, financial records, and/or any records related to services rendered, quality, appropriateness
and timeliness of services and/or any records relevant to an administrative, civil and/or criminal
investigation  and/or  prosecution,  and  such  evaluation,  inspection,  review  or  request,  when
performed  or  requested,  shall  be  performed  with  the  immediate  cooperation  of  the  Provider.
Requested records shall be provided at no expense to Agency personnel, including representatives
from HCA, OIG, the MFCU, DOJ and the HHS, or any duly authorized state or federal agency.
Upon request, the Provider shall assist in such reviews, and provide complete copies of medical
records.  Any authorized government agency, including but not limited to, HCA, CMS, OIG, MFCU,
HHS, DOJ  and the Office of the Comptroller of the Treasury, may use these records to carry out
their authorized duties, reviews, audits, administrative, civil and/or criminal investigations and/or
prosecutions. Provider shall cooperate fully in any audit, investigation or review by 
State Agency, MPI, MFCU, or other state or federal entity and in any subsequent legal action that
may result from such an audit, investigation or review involving this Attachment, including promptly
supplying all data and information requested for such investigation; provided that nothing in this
section shall be construed to limit a Provider's right to defend its actions in any legal proceeding in
accordance with its rights under the law.
3.4.3 The right for the parties named above to audit, access and inspect under this section exists for ten
(10) years from the final date of the Attachment period or from the date of completion of any audit,
whichever is later, or any other timeframe authorized by law
3.4.4 Provider will have the right to audit  records relating to Medicaid Covered Services
rendered by Provider to Medicaid Members.
3.5 Encounter Data
. If Provider is paid on a capitated basis, Provider shall timely submit complete and accurate
encounter data for capitated services rendered to Medicaid Members, including, without limitation, statistical
and descriptive medical, diagnostic and patient data for Medicaid Covered Services rendered to Medicaid
Members, to meet the encounter data reporting requirements set forth in the Government Contract.
ARTICLE IV 
COMPLIANCE WITH FEDERAL REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
4.1 Federal Funds . Provider acknowledges that payments Provider receives from Plan to provide Medicaid
Covered Services to Medicaid Members are, in whole or part, from federal funds. Therefore, Provider and
any of his/her/its subcontractors are subject to certain laws that are applicable to individuals and entities
receiving federal funds, which may include but are not limited to, Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 as
implemented by 45 CFR Part 84; the Age Discrimination Act of 1975 as implemented by 45 CFR Part 91;
the Americans with Disabilities Act; the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, lobbying restrictions as implemented by
45 CFR Part 93 and 31 USC 1352, Title IX of the Educational Amendments of 1972, as amended (30 U.S.C.
sections 1681, 1783, and 1685-1686) and any other regulations applicable to recipients of federal funds.
4.2 Surety  Bond  Requirement .  If  Provider  provides  home  health  services  or  durable  medical  equipment,
Provider shall comply with all applicable provisions of Section 4724(b) of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997,
including, without limitation, any applicable requirements related to the posting of a surety bond.
4.3 Laboratory  Compliance
. If Provider  renders lab services in the office,  it must maintain a valid Clinical
Laboratory Improvement Amendments ("CLIA") certificate for all laboratory testing sites and comply with
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicaid Attachment
© 2021 July V2 –  Services  Washington, Inc. 20 09/28/2021

CLIA regulations at 42 CFR Part 493 for all laboratory testing sites performing Health Services pursuant to
this Attachment.
ARTICLE V 
COMPLIANCE WITH STATE REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
5.1 Indemnification  of  State .  In  addition  to  the  Indemnification  provision  of  the  Agreement,  Provider  shall
indemnify and hold harmless the State, its agencies, officers, and employees from all claims and suits,
including court costs, attorney's fees, and other expenses, brought because of injuries or damages received
or sustained by any person, persons, or property that is caused by any act or omission of Provider.
5.2 This provision intentionally left blank.
5.3 State Agency Government Contract . Provider shall comply with the terms applicable to providers set forth in
the  Government  Contract,  including  incorporated  documents,  between  Plan  and  the  applicable  State
Agency, which applicable terms are incorporated herein by reference. Plan agrees to provide Provider with a
description of the applicable terms upon request. Nothing in this Attachment shall be construed to terminate
or reduce the legal responsibility of  to State Agency to ensure that all activities under the
Government Contract are carried out.  shall afford Provider access to all necessary training and
information to enable Provider to carry out its responsibilities under the Government Contract.  Documents,
procedures, and other administrative policies and programs referenced in the Government Contract must be
available for review by the Provider prior to contracting.
5.4 Performance Within the U.S . Provider agrees that all services to be performed herein shall be performed in
the United States of America.  Breach, or anticipated breach, of the foregoing shall be a material breach of
this  Attachment  and,  without  limitation  of  remedies,  shall  be  cause  for  immediate  termination  of  the
Agreement and this Attachment.
5.5 No Payment Outside the United States
. Provider agrees that  shall not provide any payments for
items or services provided under the Agreement to any financial institution or entity located outside the
United States of America.
5.6 Americans with Disabilities Act Compliance
. Provider shall make reasonable accommodation for Medicaid
Members with disabilities, in accord with the Americans with Disabilities Act, for all services and shall assure
physical and communication barriers shall not inhibit Medicaid Members with disabilities from obtaining such
services.
5.7 Interpreter Services
. In compliance with 42 CFR 438.10(c)(4), Provider shall assure that interpreter services
are provided for Medicaid Members with a primary language other than English, free of charge. Provider
shall also provide interpreter services for all interactions between such Medicaid Members and Provider
including, but not limited to: all appointments, emergency services, and all steps necessary to file grievances
and appeals.
5.8 Readability
. Provider shall ensure that all written information provided to Medicaid Members is accurate, is
not misleading, is comprehensible to its intended audience, is designed to provide the greatest degree of
understanding, and is written at the sixth grade reading level.  All such written materials must have the
written approval of  prior to use.
5.9 Coordination  of  Benefits/Third  Party  Liability
.  In  addition  to  the  Coordination  of  Benefits/Subrogation
provision of the Agreement, Provider understands and agrees that when a Medicaid Member is covered by
two or more plans, the primary plan must pay or provide its benefits as if the Medicaid Program did not exist.
Provider  acknowledges  and  agrees  that  claims  payments  made  by   pursuant  to  Medicaid
Program requirements are subject to Medicaid Program requirements regarding third party liability.  Provider
shall cooperate with  policies and procedures related to third party liability recovery in the event
claims for services rendered by Provider to a Medicaid Member are related to an illness or injury for which a
third party may be liable, including, without limitation, claims that may be covered by automobile insurance,
workers' compensation coverage, other health insurance, or otherwise give rise to a claim for third party
liability,  coordination  of  benefits  or  subrogation  (to  the  extent  permitted  by  Regulatory  Requirements).
Provider shall take all reasonable actions required by  to assist  in obtaining such
recoveries, including executing any appropriate documents reasonably requested by  to enforce
such claims or to assign any payments to   However Provider and  shall not refuse
or reduce services provided under this agreement solely due to the existence of similar benefits under any
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicaid Attachment
© 2021 July V2 –  Services  Washington, Inc. 21 09/28/2021

other  health  care  contract.   In  addition   shall  pay  claims  for  prenatal  care  and  preventive
pediatric care and shall seek reimbursement from such third parties.
5.10 Appointment Waiting Times . Provider shall offer hours of operation that are no less than the hours of
operation offered to patients with other insurance coverage, including but not limited to commercial health
plans. If Provider is a primary care physician, Provider is encouraged to offer after-hours office care to
Medicaid Members on evenings and weekends.  Provider agrees that it will provide for regular monitoring of
timely access and corrective action by  if Provider fails to comply with the appointment wait time
standards as stated in 42 CFR 438.206(c)(1). Provider shall comply with 42 CFR §438.206(c)(1).    Provider
shall comply with appointment standards that are no longer than the following: (a) Transitional healthcare
services by a primary care provider shall be available for clinical assessment and care planning within seven
(7) calendar days of discharge from inpatient or institutional care for physical or behavioral health disorders
or discharge from a substance use disorder treatment program; (b) Transitional healthcare services by a
home care nurse or home care registered counselor within seven (7) calendar days of discharge from
inpatient or institutional care for physical or behavioral health disorders or discharge from a substance use
disorder treatment program, if ordered by the enrollee's primary care provider or as part of the discharge
plan; (c) Non-symptomatic (i.e., preventive care) office visits shall be available from the Medicaid Member's
PCP or another provider within thirty (30) calendar days. A non-symptomatic office visit may include, but is
not limited to, well/preventive care such as physical examinations, annual gynecological examinations, or
child and adult immunizations; (d) Non-urgent, symptomatic (i.e., routine care) office visits shall be available
from  the  Medicaid  Member's  PCP  or  another  provider  within  ten  (10)  calendar  days.  A  non-urgent,
symptomatic  office  visit  is  associated  with  the  presentation  of  medical  signs  not  requiring  immediate
attention;  (e) Urgent, symptomatic office visits shall  be available from the Medicaid  Member's PCP or
another  provider  within  twenty-four  (24)  hours.  An  urgent,  symptomatic  visit  is  associated  with  the
presentation  of  medical  signs  that  require  immediate  attention,  but  are  not  life  threatening;  and  (f)
Emergency medical care shall be available twenty-four (24) hours per day, seven (7) days per week.
5.11 Prohibited Practices
. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as prohibiting any Participating Provider
from:
5.11.1 Discussing treatment or non-treatment options with Medicaid Members irrespective of 
position  on  such  treatment  or  non-treatment  options  or  whether  such  treatment  options  are
Medicaid Covered Services;
5.11.2 Acting within the lawful scope of such provider's practice, advising or advocating on behalf of a
Medicaid Member for such Medicaid Member's health status, medical care, or treatment or non-
treatment  options,  including  any  alternative  treatments  that  might  be  self-administered  by  the
Medicaid Member;
5.11.3 Advocating on behalf of a Medicaid Member within the utilization review or grievance processes
established  by   or  individual  authorization  process  to  obtain  Medically  Necessary
Medicaid Covered Services; or
5.11.4 Discouraging  Medicaid  Members  or  those  paying  for  their  coverage  from  discussing  the
comparative merits of different health carriers with their providers.  This prohibition specifically
includes  prohibiting  or limiting providers  participating  in those discussions even  if critical of a
carrier.
5.12 Cultural Competency Plan
. Provider shall participate with the State of Washington's efforts to promote the
delivery of services in a culturally competent manner to all Medicaid Members, including those with limited
English proficiency and diverse cultural ethnic backgrounds. To that end, Provider agrees to comply with all
 policies and procedures designed to ensure that culturally competent services, including but not
limited to effective, equitable, understandable, and respectful quality care and services that are responsive
to  diverse  cultural  health  beliefs  and  practices,  preferred  languages,  health  literacy,  and  other
communication needs,   are provided by  both directly and through its health care providers and
subcontractors.
5.13 Authorizations
. Provider shall comply with  preauthorization and authorization processes and
procedures applicable to Provider as more fully set forth in the provider manual(s).
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicaid Attachment
© 2021 July V2 –  Services  Washington, Inc. 22 09/28/2021

5.14 Prohibited Referrals . In accordance with federal and state law, Provider is prohibited from referring any
Medicaid Members for designated health services to any entity in which Provider, or a member of Provider's
immediate family, has a financial relationship.
5.15 Transfers of Members . Without otherwise limiting  rights pursuant to this Agreement, upon
 determination made in good faith and with reasonable belief that a Medicaid Member's health
or safety is in jeopardy,  may require that such Medicaid Member be transferred immediately for
care to another provider at  direction, and Provider shall fully cooperate with any such transfer
requirement. Additionally, Provider shall cooperate in all respects with provider of other health plans to
assure maximum health outcomes with regard to transitioning Medicaid Members.
5.16 Monitoring . Provider agrees to  monitoring Provider's performance on an ongoing basis and
subject to formal review, which review shall be accordance with a periodic schedule established by HCA
consistent with industry standards and Regulatory Requirements.  Formal review must be completed no less
than  once every three  years  and  must identify deficiencies  or  areas  for improvement  and  provide  for
corrective action in accordance with 42 CFR 438.230(b).
5.17 Provider to Monitor Quality
. Provider shall maintain a quality assurance system to monitor the quality of
services delivered under this Attachment and initiate corrective action where necessary to improve quality of
care, in accordance with that level of care which is recognized as acceptable professional practice in the
respective community in which the Provider practices and/or the standards established by the Medicaid
Program or its designee.
5.18 Medicaid Member Rights
. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Provider agrees to
observe, protect and promote all rights of Medicaid Members as patients in accordance with all applicable
laws,  Government  Contract  and  Agency  requirements.   Provider  shall  provide  any  information  that  a
Medicaid Member needs in order to decide among all relevant treatment options.
5.19 Program Integrity Requirements
. Provider shall comply with   HCA approved program integrity
policies and procedures and the program integrity requirements of the Government Contract, including but
not limited to compliance with section 1902(a)(68) of the Social Security Act, 42 C.F.R. § 438.610, 42 C.F.R.
§455, 42 C.F.R. §1000 through 1008 and Chapter 182-502A WAC.  If Provider is defined as a subcontractor
under the Government Contract, Provider shall verify that services billed by Provider were actually provided
to Medicaid Members and shall conduct ongoing analysis of utilization, claims, billing and/or encounter data
to  detect  overpayments  and  including  audits  and  investigations  of  Provider's  subcontractors  and
downstream entities.
5.20 Enrollee  Self  Determination
.  Provider  shall  obtain  informed  consent  prior  to  treatment  from  Medicaid
Members, or persons authorized to consent on behalf of a Medicaid Member, and shall comply with the
provisions of the Natural Death Act (RCW 70.122) and state and federal Medicaid rules concerning advance
directives, and, when appropriate, inform Medicaid Members of their right to make anatomical gifts.
5.21 Enrollee Self-Referral
. Provider understands and agrees that Medicaid Members have the right to self-refer
for certain services to participating or non-participating local health departments and participating or non-
participating family planning clinics paid through separate arrangements with the State of Washington. The
services to which a Medicaid Member may self refer include: (i) including family planning services and
sexually-transmitted disease screening and treatment services provided at participating or nonparticipating
providers,  including  but  not  limited  to  family  planning  agencies,  such  as  Planned  Parenthood;  (ii)
immunizations,  sexually-transmitted  disease  screening  and  follow-up,  immunodeficiency  virus  (HIV)
screening, tuberculosis screening and follow-up, and family planning services through and if provided by a
local health department; (iii) immunizations, sexually transmitted disease screening, family planning and
mental  health  services  through and  if  provided  by a  school-based  health  center; and  (iv)  all services
received by American Indian or Alaska Native enrollees under the Special Provisions for American Indians
and Alaska Natives subsection as set forth in the Government Contract.
5.22 Solvency Requirements
. If Provider is at financial risk, as defined in the Government Contract, 
shall establish, enforce and monitor solvency requirements that provide assurance of Provider's ability to
meet its obligations. Furthermore, Provider acknowledges that  shall annually conduct surveys of
Medicaid Members' satisfaction with Provider in accordance with Government Contract requirements, which
surveys shall to be provided to HCA or Medicaid Members upon request.
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicaid Attachment
© 2021 July V2 –  Services  Washington, Inc. 23 09/28/2021

5.23 Subrogation . Provider acknowledges and agrees that it shall subrogate to the State of Washington for all
criminal, civil and administrative action recoveries undertaken by any government entity, including, but not
limited to, all claims  or Provider have or may have against any entity that directly or indirectly
receives  funds under the Government  Contract including, but not limited to, any  health care provider,
manufacturer, wholesale or retail supplier, sales representative, laboratory, or other provider in the design,
manufacture, marketing, pricing, or quality of drugs, pharmaceuticals, medical supplies, medical devices,
durable medical equipment, or other health care related products or services.
5.24 Assignment
. Notwithstanding Section 9.2 of the Agreement, this Agreement may not be assigned by either
party without the consent of HCA.
5.25 Pharmacy Preauthorization and Emergency Fill Requirements . Provider and  shall each comply
with all applicable pharmacy preauthorization and emergency requirements of the Government Contract and
WAC 284-170-470, including but not limited to compliance with the following:
(a) Disclose if the provider or pharmacy has the right to make a prior authorization request; and
(b) Provide that if  or Provider requires the authorization number to be transmitted on a
pharmaceutical  claim,  the  issuing  party  will  provide  the  authorization  number  to  the  billing
pharmacy. The authorization number will be communicated to the billing pharmacy after approval of
a prior authorization request and upon receipt of a claim for that authorized medication.
(c) The prior authorization determination must be transmitted to the requesting party and must include
the  information  about  whether  a request  was  approved  and if  the request  was  made  by the
pharmacy, notification will additionally be made to the prescriber.
(d)  and Provider acknowledge and agree that  shall authorize an emergency fill
by the dispensing pharmacist and approve the claim payment. An emergency fill is only applicable
when:
(1) The dispensing pharmacy cannot reach  prior authorization department by
phone as it is outside of that department's business hours; or
(2)  is  available  to  respond  to  phone  calls  from  a  dispensing  pharmacy
regarding  a  covered  benefit,  but   cannot  reach  the  prescriber  for  full
consultation.
(e) Drug Utilization Review Process.
  Provider agrees to comply with  drug utilization
review process, including but not limited to, the exception rule (ETR) process as outlined in the
provider manual and on  website.
5.26 Potentially Preventable Readmissions . If applicable, to facilitate care transitions for Medicaid Members,
Provider and  shall comply with all Potentially Preventable Readmission ("PPR") requirements,
as set forth in the Government Contract and WAC 182-550-2900 and 182-550-3000.   Consistent with the
PPR provisions of the Government Contract,  and Provider shall work together to facilitate care
transitions for Medicaid Members and Provider shall be responsible for ensuring completion of the following:
(a) discharge screenings, (b) discharge/care plans, (c) discharge education, and (d) follow up care after
discharge, including for mental health services, as applicable.   In addition, for high risk members, Provider
will allow  or  designee to assist with the coordination of planning, including visiting
the Medicaid Member.
5.27 Reporting
. Provider shall submit to  all reports and clinical information required by Regulatory
Requirements or otherwise reasonably requested by 
5.27.1 If Provider is a Certified Behavioral Health Agency (BHA), Provider must comply with behavioral
health  reporting  requirements,  including  Service  Encounter  Reporting  Instructions  ("SERI").
Provider must report behavioral health supplemental transactions to  as set forth in the
provider manual(s), or as required under applicable Regulatory Requirements.
5.28 Provider Insurance Coverage . In addition to the Provider Insurance provision in the Agreement, Provider, at
all times during the term of this Agreement, shall:
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicaid Attachment
© 2021 July V2 –  Services  Washington, Inc. 24 09/28/2021

5.28.1 Maintain  professional  liability  insurance;  including  maintaining  such tail or prior  acts  coverage
necessary to avoid any gap in coverage for claims arising from incidents occurring during the term
of this Agreement.  Such insurance shall (i) be obtained from a carrier authorized to conduct
business in the jurisdiction in which Provider operates; (ii) maintain minimum policy limits equal to
$5,000,000.00 per occurrence and $10,000,000.00 in the aggregate for acute care hospitals and
$1,000,000.00 per occurrence and $3,000,000.00 in the aggregate for other providers; and (iii)
include coverage for the professional acts and omissions of Provider and any employee, agent or
other person for whose acts or omissions Provider is responsible.
5.28.2 Maintain general comprehensive liability insurance from a carrier authorized to conduct business in
the jurisdiction in which Provider operates, in amounts required under Regulatory Requirements.
Said insurance shall cover Provider's premises, insuring Provider against any claim of loss, liability,
or damage caused by or arising out of the condition or alleged condition of said premises, or the
furniture, fixtures, appliances, or equipment located therein, together with the standard liability
protection against any loss, liability or damage resulting from the operation of a motor vehicle by
Provider, Provider's employees or agents.
5.28.3 Maintain  workers' compensation  insurance for Provider's employees.   Said insurance shall  be
obtained from a carrier authorized to conduct business in the jurisdiction in which Provider operates
and shall provide such limits of coverage as required by Regulatory Requirements.
5.28.4 Provide   with  evidence  of  Provider's  compliance  with  the  foregoing  insurance
requirements as reasonably requested by  from time to time during the term of this
Agreement, but in no event less than annually.  Provider shall provide  with at least
thirty (30) days prior written notice of any cancellation or non-renewal of any required coverage or
any  reduction  in  the  amount  of  Provider's  coverage,  and  shall  secure  replacement  coverage
meeting the requirements hereunder so as to ensure no lapse in coverage.  Provider shall furnish
 with a certificate of insurance evidencing such replacement coverage.  Provider shall
also furnish a certificate of insurance to a requesting Agency upon request. Provider may maintain
coverage  hereunder  through  a  self-funded  insurance  plan,  provided  that  Provider  maintains
actuarially sound reserves related to such self-funded plan and provides to  on a semi-
annual  basis  an  opinion  letter  from  an  independent  actuarial  firm  or  other  proof  reasonably
acceptable to  attesting to the financial adequacy of such reserves.
5.29 Discharge Planning
. In a twenty-four (24) hour setting, Provider shall provide discharge planning services
that meet the standard set forth below:
Provider shall coordinate, as needed with HCA and/or Division of Behavioral Health and Recovery (DBHR)
prevention services, vocational services, housing services and supports, and other community resources
and services that may be appropriate, including, but not limited to Department of Children, Youth, and
Families (DCYF) services for children and families, including but not limited to, DCYF-contracted home
visiting,   Early  Support  for  Infants  and  Toddlers  (ESIT),  Early  Childhood  Intervention  and  Prevention
Services  (ECLIPSE),  Early  Childhood  Education  and  Assistance  Program  (ECEAP)  and  Head  Start
programs using the information letter template jointly developed by the DCYF and HCA.
5.30 Supervision by Behavioral Health Provider . As applicable, Provider will receive payment for the supervision
of behavioral health providers whose license or certification restricts them to work under supervision.
5.31 Data Use, Security and Confidentiality . Provider shall comply with all data use, security, and confidentiality
terms and conditions applicable to the provider, as referenced in the applicable provider manual(s) or as
required by Regulatory Requirements.
5.32 Telemedicine . If Provider is a telemedicine provider, in accordance with Regulatory Requirements:
5.32.1 Provider must obtain the Medicaid Member's consent for billing in advance of the service being
delivered,  if Provider intends to bill the  Medicaid Member or Plan for  audio-only telemedicine
services, and;
5.32.2 As of January 1, 2023, for audio-only telemedicine services, Provider must have an established
relationship with the Medicaid Member, as defined by Washington law.
ARTICLE VI 
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicaid Attachment
© 2021 July V2 –  Services  Washington, Inc. 25 09/28/2021

TERMINATION
6.1 Termination of Medicaid Participation Attachment . Either party may terminate this Attachment without cause
by giving at least one hundred eighty (180) days prior written notice of termination to the other party.
6.2 Termination of Government Contract . If a Government Contract between the applicable State Agency and
 terminates or expires or ends for any reason or is modified to eliminate a Medicaid Program,
this Attachment shall have no further force or effect with respect to the applicable Medicaid Program. In the
event of termination of the Government Contract between  and State Agency, Provider shall
immediately make available to State Agency, or its designated representative, in a usable form, any or all
records, whether medical or financial, related to Provider's activities undertaken pursuant to this Agreement.
The provision of such records shall be at no expense to  or State Agency.
6.3 Effect  of  Termination
.  Following  termination  of  this  Attachment,  the  remainder  of  the  Agreement  shall
continue in full force and effect, if applicable.  In addition, upon termination of this Attachment but subject to
the Continuation of Care provision(s) and applicable Regulatory Requirements, any references to services,
reimbursement, or participation in Networks related to the Medicaid Program are hereby terminated in full
and shall have no further force and effect.
6.4 Continuation of Care
. In addition to the Continuation of Care Upon Termination provision of the Agreement,
in the event of the termination of this Attachment for any reason except termination of this Attachment for
cause by  any Medicaid Member who is suffering from and receiving active health care services
or who is an inpatient shall have the right to continue to receive health care services from Provider for a
period of up to sixty (60) days from the date of the termination of this Attachment or until the Medicaid
Member's discharge from inpatient facilities up to ninety (90) days, whichever time is greater.  Any Medicaid
Member  who  is  pregnant  and  receiving  treatment  in  connection  with  that  pregnancy  at  the  time  of
termination of this Agreement may continue to receive health care services from Provider for the remainder
of her pregnancy and six (6) weeks post-partum.
6.4.1 During the continuity of care provision described in this section above, Provider shall continue to
provide services in accordance with the terms of this Attachment applicable immediately prior to the
termination of this Attachment, and  shall continue to meet all of the obligations of this
Attachment.  Provider will maintain and share, as appropriate, records for Medicaid Members in
accordance with professional standards.  Provider shall comply with 42 CFR §438.208(b)(5).
6.4.2 A Medicaid Member shall  not have the  right to continuation  of  care if the termination of this
Attachment is for loss of Provider license, or if the termination of this Agreement is due to reasons
related to quality of health care services rendered, health, safety or welfare of Medicaid Members.
ARTICLE VII 
GENERAL PROVISIONS
7.1 Inconsistencies
. In the event of an inconsistency between terms and conditions of this Attachment and the
terms and conditions as set forth in the Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Attachment shall
govern.  Except as set otherwise forth herein, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement remain in full
force  and  effect.   Notwithstanding  the  Entire  Agreement  provision  of  the  Agreement,  the  parties
acknowledge and agree that the provider manual is not incorporated by reference into this Attachment as it
relates Provider's participation in  Medicaid Network and it not deemed part of the entire
Attachment.
7.2 Disclosure Requirements . In accordance with Regulatory Requirements, and State Agency requirements, if
applicable,  Provider  agrees  to  disclose  to   complete  ownership,  control  and  relationship
information ("Disclosures") in accordance with 42 CFR 455.100 through 455.106. Provider shall provide
required  Disclosures to   at  the time of initial  contract,  upon  contract renewal,  and/or  upon
request by   Provider further agrees to notify  within fourteen (14) days of any
changes to the Disclosures. Failure to provide Disclosures as required under Regulatory Requirements shall
be deemed a material breach of this Attachment and the Agreement.
7.3 Survival of Attachment
. Provider further agrees that: (1) the hold harmless and continuation of care sections
shall survive the termination of this Attachment or disenrollment of the Medicaid Member; and (2) these
provisions supersede any oral or written contrary agreement now existing or hereafter entered into between
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicaid Attachment
© 2021 July V2 –  Services  Washington, Inc. 26 09/28/2021

Provider and a Medicaid Member or persons acting on their behalf that relates to liability for payment for, or
continuation of, Medicaid Covered Services provided under the terms and conditions of these provisions.
7.4 Provider Education
7.4.1 Provider shall participate in training when requested by HCA.  Provider's requests for HCA to allow
an exception to participation in required training must be in writing and include a plan for how the
required information will be provided to Provider's targeted staff.
7.4.2 If Provider has community behavioral health employees who work directly with Medicaid Members,
Provider shall provide such employees with annual training on safety and violence prevention
topics described in RCW 49.19.030.
7.5 Mental  Health  Advance  Directive
.  In  accordance  with  71.32  RCW,  Provider  shall  inform  all  Medicaid
Members who present for mental health services of their right to a Mental Health Advance Directive, and
shall provide technical assistance to those Medicaid Members who express an interest in developing and
maintaining a Mental Health Advance Directive.  A "Mental Health Advance Directive" means a written
document in which the Medicaid Member makes a declaration of instructions, or preferences, or appoints an
agent to make decisions on behalf of the Medicaid Member regarding the Medicaid Member's mental health
treatment.  Provider shall also maintain current copies of any Medicaid Member's Mental Health Advance
Directive in the Medicaid Member's record and shall inform Medicaid Members that complaints concerning
noncompliance with a Mental Health Advance Directive should be referred to the Department of Health.
7.6 Compliance with 42 CFR Part 2
. To the extent that in performing its services under this Attachment, Provider
uses, discloses, maintains, or transmits protected health information that is protected by 42 CFR Part 2,
Provider acknowledges and agrees that in receiving, storing, processing or otherwise dealing with any such
records for Medicaid Members, Provider is fully bound by 42 CFR Part 2; and, if necessary will resist any
efforts to obtain access to such records except as permitted under 42 CFR Part 2.  Notwithstanding any
other  language  in  this  Attachment,  Provider  acknowledges  and  agrees  that  any  Medicaid  Member
information Provider receives that is protected by 42 CFR Part 2 is subject to protections that prohibit
Provider from disclosing such information to agents or subcontractors without the specific written consent of
the Medicaid Member.
7.7 Provider Subcontractors
. In addition to the Provider Subcontractors provision in the Agreement, if Provider
delegates or subcontracts any functions of  delegated by  to Provider, 
consent to such action is required and the agreement governing such subcontract or delegation shall include
all applicable requirements of the Government Contract (or any successor sections thereto).
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicaid Attachment
© 2021 July V2 –  Services  Washington, Inc. 27 09/28/2021

MEDICARE ADVANTAGE
PARTICIPATION ATTACHMENT TO THE
 WASHINGTON, INC.
PROVIDER AGREEMENT
This  is  a  Medicare  Advantage  Participation  Attachment  ("Attachment")  to  the   Provider  Agreement
("Agreement"), entered into by and between  and Provider and is incorporated into the Agreement.
ARTICLE I 
DEFINITIONS
The following definitions shall apply to this Attachment.  Terms not otherwise defined in this Attachment shall carry
the meaning set forth in the Agreement.
"Clean Claim" means a Claim that has no defect or impropriety, including a lack of required substantiating
documentation, or particular circumstances requiring special treatment that prevents timely payment from
being made on the Claim.  A Claim is clean even though Plan refers it to a medical specialist within Plan for
examination.  If additional documentation (e.g., a medical record) involves a source outside Plan, then the
Claim is not considered clean.
"CMS" is defined as set forth in Article I of the Agreement.
"Downstream Entity(ies)" means any party that enters into a written arrangement, acceptable to CMS, with
persons  or entities involved  with the Medicare Advantage  benefit,  below the level of the arrangement
between  and a First Tier Entity.  These written arrangements continue down to the level of the
ultimate provider of both health and administrative services.
"Emergency Condition" is defined as set forth in the PCS.
"Emergency Services" is defined as set forth in the PCS.
"First Tier Entity(ies)" means any party that enters into a written agreement, acceptable to CMS, with
 to provide administrative services or health care services for a Medicare eligible Member under
the Medicare Advantage Program.
"Medically Necessary" or "Medical Necessity" means care for which CMS determines is reasonable and
necessary under Medicare for services, supplies, or drugs that are needed for the prevention, diagnosis, or
treatment of MA Member's medical condition and meet accepted standards of medical practice.
"Medicare" means the Health Insurance for the Aged Act, Title XVIII of the Social Security Act, as then
constituted or later amended.
"Medicare Advantage Covered Services ("MA Covered Services")" means, for purposes of this Attachment,
only those Covered Services provided under Plan's Medicare Advantage Program.
"Medicare Advantage Member ("MA Member")" means, for purposes of this Attachment, a Member who is
covered under a Medicare agreement between CMS and Plan under Part C of Title XVIII of the Social
Security Act ("Medicare Advantage Program") and for Plan's DSNP Medicare Program, the beneficiary is
also entitled to Medicaid under Title XIX of the Social Security Act, see 42 USC §1396 et seq..
"Medicare Advantage Network" means Network of Providers that provides MA Covered Services to MA
Members.
"Related Entity(ies)" means any entity that is related to  by common ownership or control and (1)
performs some of  management functions under contract or delegation; (2) furnishes services
to  MA  Member  under  an  oral  or  written  agreement;  or  (3)  leases  real  property  or  sells  materials  to
 at a cost of more than twenty-five hundred dollars ($2,500) during a contract period.
"Urgently  Needed  Care"  means  MA  Covered  Services  provided  when  a  MA  Member  is  either:  (1)
temporarily  absent from  Plan's  Medicare  Advantage  service  area  and such  MA  Covered  Services  are
Medically Necessary and immediately required:  (a) as a result of an unforeseen illness, injury, or condition;
and (b) it was not reasonable, given the circumstances, to obtain the services through Plan's Medicare
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicare Advantage Attachment
© 2020 Nov –  Services  Washington, Inc. 28 09/28/2021

Advantage Network; or (2) under unusual and extraordinary circumstances, the MA Member is in the service
area but Plan's Network is temporarily unavailable or inaccessible and such MA Covered Services are
Medically Necessary and immediately required: (a) as a result of an unforeseen illness, injury, or condition;
and (b) it was not reasonable, given the circumstances, to obtain the services through Plan's Medicare
Advantage Network.
ARTICLE II 
SERVICES/OBLIGATIONS
2.1 Participation-Medicare Advantage . As a participant in Plan's Medicare Advantage Network, Provider will
render  MA  Covered  Services  to  MA  Members  enrolled  in  Plan's  Medicare  Advantage  Program  in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement and this Attachment.   Except as set forth in this
Attachment, or in the PCS, all terms and conditions of the Agreement will apply to Provider's participation in
Plan's Medicare Advantage Program(s).  The terms and conditions set forth in this Attachment are limited to
the provision of and payment for Health Services provided to MA Members.   This Agreement does not apply
to any of Plan's Medicare Advantage Private Fee for Service or Medical Savings Account Programs. If Plan
contracts with a third party to manage all or any portion of its Medicare Advantage Network, then Provider
shall be required to contract separately with such third party to maintain its status as a Participating Provider
for such Network(s).
2.1.1 New  Programs .   Provider  acknowledges  that  Plan  has  or  may  develop  Medicare  Advantage
Networks that support certain products, programs or plans with specific participation criteria that
may include but are not limited to, quality and/or cost of care metrics.  Pursuant to this Agreement,
Provider shall be a Participating Provider in any such Network unless  notifies Provider
in writing to the contrary.  Plan shall notify Provider sixty (60) days in advance of any specific
Network participation criteria. Any notice of non-inclusion in any of Plan's Medicare Advantage
Network(s) shall be provided in writing sixty (60) days in advance.
2.2 This provision intentionally left blank.
2.3 Accountability/Oversight
. Plan delegates to Provider its responsibility under its Medicare Advantage contract
with CMS to provide the services as set forth in this Attachment to MA Members.  Plan may revoke this
delegation, including, if applicable, the delegated responsibility to meet CMS reporting requirements, and
thereby terminate this Attachment if CMS or Plan determine that Provider has not performed satisfactorily.
Such revocation shall be consistent with the termination provisions of the Agreement and this Attachment.
Performance of Provider shall be monitored by Plan on an ongoing basis as provided for in this Attachment.
Provider further acknowledges that Plan shall oversee and is accountable to CMS for the functions and
responsibilities described in the Medicare Advantage Regulatory Requirements and ultimately responsible to
CMS for the performance of all services. Further, Provider acknowledges that Plan may only delegate such
functions and responsibilities in a manner consistent with the standards as set forth in 42 CFR § 422.504(i)
(4).
2.4 Accountability/Credentialing . Both parties acknowledge that accountability shall be in a manner consistent
with the requirements as set forth in 42 CFR § 422.504(i)(4).  Therefore the following are acceptable for
purposes of meeting these requirements:
2.4.1 The credentials of medical professionals affiliated with Plan or Provider will be either reviewed by
Plan, if applicable; or
2.4.2 The credentialing process will be reviewed and approved by Plan and Plan must audit Provider's
credentialing process and/or delegate's credentialing process on an ongoing basis.
2.5 Medicare Provider
. Provider must have a provider and/or supplier agreement, whichever is applicable, with
CMS that permits Provider to provide services under original Medicare.
ARTICLE III 
ACCESS: RECORDS/FACILITIES
3.1 Inspection of Books/Records . Provider acknowledges that Plan, Health and Human Services Department
("HHS"), the Comptroller General, or their designees have the right to timely access to inspect, evaluate and
audit any books, contracts, medical records, patient care documentation, and other records of Provider, or
his/her/its  First  Tier,  Downstream  and  Related  Entities,  including  but  not  limited  to  subcontractors  or
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicare Advantage Attachment
© 2020 Nov –  Services  Washington, Inc. 29 09/28/2021

transferees involving transactions related to Plan's Medicare Advantage contract through ten (10) years from
the final date of the contract period or from the date of the completion of any audit, or for such longer period
provided for in 42 CFR § 422.504(e)(4) or other Regulatory Requirements, whichever is later.  For the
purposes specified in this section, Provider agrees to make available Provider's premises, physical facilities
and  equipment,  records  relating  to  Plan's  MA  Member,  including  access  to  Provider's  computer  and
electronic systems and any additional relevant information that CMS may require.  Provider acknowledges
that failure to allow HHS, the Comptroller General or their designees the right to timely access under this
section can subject Provider to a fifteen thousand dollar ($15,000) penalty for each day of failure to comply.
3.2 Confidentiality . In addition to the confidentiality requirements under the Agreement, each party agrees to
abide by all Regulatory Requirements applicable to that party regarding confidentiality and disclosure for
mental health records, medical records, other health information, and MA Member information. Provider
agrees to maintain records and other information with respect to MA Member in an accurate and timely
manner; to ensure timely access by MA Member to the records and information that pertain to him/her; and
to safeguard the privacy of any information that identifies a particular MA Member.  Information from, or
copies of, records may be released only to authorized individual. Provider must ensure that unauthorized
individuals cannot gain access to or alter patient records.  Original medical records must be released only in
accordance with Regulatory Requirements, court orders or subpoenas.  Both parties acknowledge that Plan,
HHS, the Comptroller General or its designee have the right, pursuant to section 3.1 above, to audit and/or
inspect Provider's premises to monitor and ensure compliance with the CMS requirements for maintaining
the privacy and security of protected health information ("PHI") and other personally identifiable information
("PII") of MA Member.
ARTICLE IV 
ACCESS: BENEFITS AND COVERAGE
4.1 Non-Discrimination
. Provider shall not deny, limit, or condition the furnishing of Health Services to MA
Member of Plan on the basis of any factor that is related to health status, including, but not limited to medical
condition;  claims  experience;  receipt  of  health  care;  medical  history;  genetic  information;  evidence  of
insurability, including conditions arising out of acts of domestic violence; or disability.
4.2 Direct Access . Provider  acknowledges  that MA Member  may obtain covered  mammography  screening
services and influenza vaccinations from a participating provider without a referral and that MA Member who
are women may obtain women's routine and preventive Health Services from a participating women's health
specialist without a referral.
4.3 No Cost Sharing
. Provider acknowledges that covered influenza vaccines and pneumococcal vaccines are
not subject to MA Member Cost Share obligations.
4.4 Timely  Access  to  Care .  Provider  agrees  to  provide  MA  Covered  Services  consistent  with  Plan's:  (1)
standards for timely access to care and member services; (2) policies and procedures that allow for MA
Member Medical Necessity determinations; and (3) policies and procedures for Provider's consideration of
MA Member input in the establishment of treatment plans.
4.5 Accessibility to Care . A Provider who is a primary care provider, or a gynecologist or obstetrician, shall
provide Health Services or make arrangements for the provision of Health Services to MA Member on a
twenty-four (24) hour per day, seven (7) day a week basis to assure availability, adequacy and continuity of
care to MA Member.  In the event Provider is not one of the foregoing described providers, then Provider
shall provide Health Services to MA Member on a twenty-four (24) hour per day, seven (7) day a week basis
or  at  such  times  as  Health  Services  are  typically  provided  by  similar  providers  to  assure  availability,
adequacy, and continuity of care to MA Member.  If Provider is unable to provide Health Services as
described  in  the  previous  sentence,  Provider  will  arrange  for  another  Participating  Provider  to  cover
Provider's patients in Provider's absence.
ARTICLE V 
BENEFICIARY PROTECTIONS
5.1 Cultural Competency
. Provider shall ensure that MA Covered Services rendered to MA Members, both
clinical and non-clinical, are accessible to all MA Members, including those with limited English proficiency
or  reading  skills,  with  diverse  cultural  and  ethnic  backgrounds,  the  homeless,  and  MA  Members  with
physical and mental disabilities.  Provider must provide information regarding treatment options in a cultural-
competent manner, including the option of no treatment.  Provider must ensure that MA Members with
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicare Advantage Attachment
© 2020 Nov –  Services  Washington, Inc. 30 09/28/2021

disabilities  have  effective  communications  with  participants  throughout  the  health  system  in  making
decisions regarding treatment options.
5.2 Health Assessment . Provider acknowledges that Plan has procedures approved by CMS to conduct a health
assessment of all new MA Members within ninety (90) days of the effective date of their enrollment. Provider
agrees to cooperate with Plan as necessary in performing this initial health assessment.
5.3 Identifying Complex and Serious Medical Condition
. Provider acknowledges that Plan has procedures to
identify MA Members with complex or serious medical conditions for chronic care improvement initiatives;
and to assess those conditions, including medical procedures to diagnose and monitor them on an ongoing
basis; and establish and implement a treatment plan appropriate to those conditions, with an adequate
number of direct access visits to specialists to accommodate the treatment plan.  To the extent applicable,
Provider agrees to assist in the development and implementation of the treatment plans and/or chronic care
improvement initiatives.
5.4 Advance Directives
. Provider shall establish and maintain written policies and procedures to implement MA
Members'  rights  to  make  decisions  concerning  their  health  care,  including  the  provision  of  written
information  to  all  adult  MA  Members  regarding  their  rights  under  Regulatory  Requirements  to  make
decisions regarding their right to accept or refuse medical treatment and the right to execute an advance
medical directive.  Provider further agrees to document or oversee the documentation in the MA Members'
medical records whether or not the MA Member has an advance directive, that Provider will follow state and
federal requirements for advance directives and that Provider will provide for education of his/her/its staff
and the community on advance directives.
5.5 Standards  of  Care
.  Provider  agrees  to  provide  MA  Covered  Services  in  a  manner  consistent  with
professionally recognized standards of health care.
5.6 Hold Harmless . In addition to the hold harmless provision in the Agreement, Provider agrees that in no
event, including but not limited to non-payment by Plan, insolvency of Plan or breach of the Agreement, shall
Provider bill, charge, collect a deposit from, seek compensation, remuneration or reimbursement from, or
have any recourse against a MA Member or persons other than Plan acting on their behalf for MA Covered
Services provided pursuant to this Attachment.  This section does not prohibit the collection of supplemental
charges or Cost Shares on Plan's behalf made in accordance with the terms of the MA Member's Health
Benefit Plan or amounts due for services that have been correctly identified in advance as a non-MA
Covered Service, subject to medical coverage criteria, with appropriate disclosure to the MA Member of their
financial obligation. This advance notice must be provided in accordance with the CMS regulations for
Medicare Advantage organizations.  CMS regulations require that a coverage determination be made with a
standard denial notice (Notice of Denial of Medical Coverage (or Payment)/CMS-10003) for a non-Covered
Service when such Health Service is typically not covered, but could be covered under specific conditions.  If
prior to rendering the non-Covered Service, Provider obtains, or instructs the MA Member to obtain, a
coverage determination of a non-Covered Service(s), the MA Member can be held financially responsible for
non-Covered Services.  However, if a service or item is never covered by the Plan, such as a statutory
exclusion, and the MA Member's Evidence of Coverage ("EOC") clearly specifies that the service or item is
never covered, the Provider does not have to seek a coverage determination from  in order to
hold the MA Member responsible for the full cost of the service or item.  Additional information, related
requirements and the process to request a coverage determination can be found in the Provider Guidebook.
Both Parties agree that failure to follow the CMS regulations can result in Provider's financial liability.
5.6.1 Dual Eligibles.
 Provider further agrees that for MA Members who are dual eligible beneficiaries for
Medicare and Medicaid, that Provider will ensure he/she/it will not bill the MA Member for Cost
Sharing that is not the MA Member's responsibility and such MA Members will not be held liable for
Medicare Parts A and B Cost Sharing when the State is liable for the Cost Sharing.  In addition,
Provider agrees to accept Plan payment as payment in full or Provider should bill the appropriate
state source.
5.7 Continuation of Care-Insolvency . Provider agrees that in the event of Plan's insolvency, termination of the
CMS contract or other cessation of operations, MA Covered Services to MA Members will continue through
the period for which the premium has been paid to Plan, and services to MA Members confined in an
inpatient hospital on the date of termination of the CMS contract or on the date of insolvency or other
cessation of operations will continue until their discharge.
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicare Advantage Attachment
© 2020 Nov –  Services  Washington, Inc. 31 09/28/2021

5.8 Out of Network Referrals and Transfers . In addition to the Cost Effective Care provision in the Agreement,
Provider shall seek authorization from Plan prior to referring or transferring an MA Member to a non-
Participating Provider. For Plan's HMO Medicare Advantage Network, if a Participating Provider is not
accessible or available for a referral or transfer, then Provider shall call Plan for an authorization.  If,
however, a Participating Provider is accessible and available for a referral or transfer, then Provider shall
transfer or refer the MA Member to such Participating Provider.  For Plan's PPO MA Members, Provider
shall advise the MA Member that an out of network referral is being made, and shall ensure that the MA
Member understands and agrees  to be financially responsible for any additional costs related to such out of
network service.
ARTICLE VI 
COMPENSATION AND AUDIT
6.1 Submission and Adjudication of Medicare Advantage Claims . Unless otherwise instructed in the provider
manual(s) or Policies applicable to Plan's Medicare Advantage Program, or unless required by Regulatory
Requirements,  Provider  shall  submit  Claims  to  Plan,  using  appropriate  and  current  Coded  Service
Identifier(s), within ninety (90) days from the date the Health Services are rendered or Plan will refuse
payment. If Plan is the secondary payor, the ninety (90) day period will not begin until Provider receives
notification of primary payor's responsibility.
6.1.1 Provider agrees to provide to  unless otherwise instructed, at no cost to 
Plan or the MA Member, all information necessary for Plan to determine its payment liability.  Such
information  includes,  without  limitation,  accurate and  Clean  Claims for  MA  Covered Services.
Once  determines Plan has any payment liability, all Clean Claims will be paid in
accordance with the terms and conditions of a MA Member's Health Benefit Plan, the PCS, and the
provider manual(s).
6.1.2 Provider agrees to submit Claims in a format consistent with industry standards and acceptable to
Plan  either  (a)  electronically  through  electronic  data  interchange  ("EDI"),  or  (b)  if  electronic
submission  is  not  available,  utilizing  paper  forms  as  defined  by  the  National  Uniform  Claim
Committee ("NUCC").
6.1.3 If  or Plan asks for additional information so that Plan may process the Claim, Provider
must provide that information within sixty (60) days, or before the expiration of the ninety (90) day
period referenced in section 6.1 above, whichever is longer.
6.2 Prompt Payment
.  agrees to make best efforts to pay a majority of Clean Claims for MA Covered
Services submitted by or on behalf of MA Members, within forty-five (45) days of receipt by 
 agrees  to  make  best  efforts  to pay all remaining  Clean  Claims for MA Covered  Services
submitted by or on behalf of MA Members, within sixty (60) days of receipt by 
agrees to make best efforts to pay all non-Clean Claims for MA Covered Services submitted by or on behalf
of  MA  Members  within  sixty  (60)  days  of  receipt  by   of  the  necessary  documentation  to
adjudicate the Clean Claim.
6.3 Audit  for  Compliance  with  CMS  Guidelines
.  Notwithstanding  any  other  terms  and  conditions  of  the
Agreement, Plan has the same rights as CMS, to review and/or Audit and, to the extent necessary recover
payments on any claim for MA Covered Services rendered pursuant to this Agreement to insure compliance
with CMS Regulatory Requirements.
ARTICLE VII 
REPORTING AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS
7.1 Risk Adjustment Data Validation Audits . Plan and Provider are required in accordance with 42 CFR §
422.310(e) to submit a sample of medical records for MA Members for the purpose of validation of risk
adjustment data.  Accordingly, Plan, or their designee, shall have the right, as set forth in section 3.1 to
obtain copies of such documentation on at least an annual basis.  Provider agrees to provide the requested
medical  records  to  Plan,  or  their  designee,  within  fourteen  (14)  calendar  days  from  Plan's,  or  their
designee's, written request.  Such records shall be provided to Plan, or their designee, at no additional cost.
7.2 Data Reporting Submissions . Provider agrees to provide to Plan all information necessary for Plan to meet
its  data  reporting  and  submission  obligations  to  CMS,  including  but  not  limited  to,  data  necessary  to
characterize  the  context  and  purpose  of  each  encounter  between  a  MA  Member  and  Provider  ("Risk
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicare Advantage Attachment
© 2020 Nov –  Services  Washington, Inc. 32 09/28/2021

Adjustment Data"), and data necessary for Plan to meet its reporting obligations under 42 CFR §§ 422.516
and 422.310.  In accordance with the CMS Regulatory Requirements, Plan reserves the right to assess
Provider for any penalties resulting from Provider's submission of false data.
7.3 Risk Adjustment Data . Provider's Risk Adjustment Data shall include all information necessary for Plan to
submit such data to CMS as set forth in 42 CFR § 422.310 or any subsequent or additional regulatory
provisions. If Provider fails to submit his/her/its Risk Adjustment Data accurately, completely and truthfully, in
the format described in the 42 CFR § 422.310 or any subsequent or additional regulatory provisions, then
this will result in denials and/or delays in payment of Provider's Claims.
7.4 Accuracy of Risk Adjustment Data
. Provider further agrees to certify the accuracy, completeness, and
truthfulness of Provider generated Risk Adjustment Data that Plan is obligated to submit to CMS.  Within
thirty (30) days after the beginning of every Fiscal Year or as required by CMS while this Attachment is in
effect, Provider agrees to give Plan a certification in writing, in a format that Plan specifies, that certifies to
the accuracy, completeness, and truthfulness of Provider's Risk Adjustment Data submitted to Plan during
the specified period.
ARTICLE VIII 
QUALITY ASSURANCE/QUALITY IMPROVEMENT REQUIREMENTS
8.1 Independent Quality Review Organization
. Provider agrees to comply and cooperate with an independent
quality review and improvement organization's activities pertaining to the provision of MA Covered Services
for MA Member.
8.2 Compliance  with Plan Medical  Management  Programs . Provider  agrees to comply  with Plan's medical
policies, quality improvement and performance improvement programs, and medical management programs
to the extent provided to or otherwise made available to Provider in advance.
8.3 Consulting with Participating Providers
. Plan agrees to consult with Participating Providers regarding its
medical policies, quality improvement program and medical management programs and ensure that practice
guidelines and utilization management guidelines: (1) are based on reasonable medical evidence or a
consensus  of  health  care  professionals  in  the  particular  field;  (2)  consider  the  needs  of  the  enrolled
population; (3) are developed in consultation with participating physicians; (4) are reviewed and updated
periodically; and (5) are communicated to providers and, as appropriate, to MA Member. Plan also agrees to
ensure that decisions with respect to utilization management, MA Member education, coverage of Health
Services, and other areas in which the guidelines apply are consistent with the guidelines.
ARTICLE IX 
COMPLIANCE
9.1 Compliance:  Medicare Laws/Regulations
. Provider agrees to comply, and to require any of his/her/its
subcontractors to comply, with all applicable Medicare Regulatory Requirements and CMS instructions.
Further, Provider agrees that any MA Covered Services provided by Provider or his/her/its subcontractors to
or  on  the  behalf  of  Plan's  MA  Member  will  be  consistent  with  and  will  comply  with  Plan's  Medicare
Advantage contractual obligations.
9.2 Compliance:  Exclusion from Federal Health Care Program . Provider may not employ, or subcontract with
an individual, or have persons with ownership or control interests, who have been convicted of criminal
offenses related to their involvement in Medicaid, Medicare, or social services programs under Title XX of
the Social Security Act, and thus have been excluded from participation in any federal health care program
under §§1128 or 1128A of the Act (or with an entity that employs or contracts with such an individual) for the
provision  of  any  of  the  following:  healthcare,  utilization  review,  medical  social  work,  or  administrative
services.
9.3 Compliance:   Appeals/Grievances
.  Provider  agrees  to  comply  with  Plan's  policies  and  procedures  in
performing his/her/its responsibilities under the Agreement.  Provider specifically agrees to comply with
Medicare Regulatory Requirements regarding MA Member appeals and grievances and to cooperate with
Plan in meeting its obligations regarding MA Member appeals, grievances and expedited appeals, including
the gathering and forwarding of information in a timely manner and compliance with appeals decisions.
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicare Advantage Attachment
© 2020 Nov –  Services  Washington, Inc. 33 09/28/2021

9.4 Compliance:   Policy and  Procedures . Provider agrees to comply with Plan's  policy and procedures  in
performing his/her/its responsibilities under the Agreement and this Attachment including any supplementary
documents that pertain to Plan's Medicare Advantage Program such as the provider manual(s).
9.5 Illegal Remunerations . Both parties specifically represent and warrant that activities to be performed under
this Agreement are not considered illegal remunerations (including kickbacks, bribes or rebates) as defined
in 42 USCA § 1320(a)-7b.
9.6 Compliance:  Training, Education and Communications
. In accordance with CMS requirements, Provider
agrees and certifies that it, as well as its employees, subcontractors, Downstream Entities, Related Entities
and agents who provide services to or for Plan's Medicare Advantage and/or Part D MA Members or to or
for Plan itself shall conduct general compliance and fraud, waste and abuse training, education and/or
communications annually or as otherwise required by Regulatory Requirements, and must be made a part of
the orientation for a new employee, new First Tier  Entities, Downstream Entities, or Related Entities, and for
all new appointments of a chief executive, manager, or governing body member who performs leadership
and/or  oversight  over  the  service  provided  under  the  Agreement.   Provider  or  its  subcontractors  or
Downstream Entities shall ensure that their general compliance and fraud, waste and abuse training and
education is comparable to the elements, set forth in  Standards of Ethical Business Conduct
and  shall  provide  documentation  to demonstrate  compliance  prior  to execution  of  the  Agreement  and
annually  thereafter.  In  addition,  Provider  is  responsible  for  documenting  applicable  employee's,
subcontractor's, Downstream Entity's, Related Entity's and/or agent's attendance and completion of such
training on an annual basis. Provider shall provide such documentation to Plan and as required to support a
Plan or CMS audit. If necessary and upon request, Plan or its designee can make such compliance training,
education and lines of communication available to Provider in either electronic, paper or other reasonable
medium.
9.7 Federal Funds
. Provider acknowledges that payments Provider receives from Plan to provide MA Covered
Services to MA Members are, in whole or part, from federal funds. Therefore, Provider and any of his/her/its
subcontractors are subject to certain Regulatory Requirements that are applicable to Members and entities
receiving federal funds, which may include but is not limited to, Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 as
implemented by 45 CFR Part 84; the Age Discrimination Act of 1975 as implemented by 45 CFR Part 91;
the Americans with Disabilities Act; the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, lobbying restrictions as implemented by
45 CFR Part 93 and 31 USC 1352 and any other regulations applicable to recipients of federal funds.
ARTICLE X 
MARKETING
10.1 Approval of Materials
. Both parties agree to comply, and to require any of his/her/its subcontractors to
comply, with all applicable Regulatory Requirements, CMS instructions, and marketing activities under this
Agreement, including but not limited to, the Medicare Marketing Guidelines for Medicare Managed Care
Plans and any requirements for CMS prior approval of materials. Any printed materials, including but not
limited  to  letters  to  Plan  MA  Members,  brochures,  advertisements,  telemarketing  scripts,  packaging
prepared or produced by Provider or any of his/her/its subcontractors pursuant to this Agreement must be
submitted to Plan for review and approval at each planning stage (i.e., creative, copy, mechanicals, blue
lines, etc.)  to assure compliance with Regulatory  Requirements.  Plan agrees  its approval will not be
unreasonably withheld or delayed.
ARTICLE XI 
TERMINATION
11.1 Notice Upon Termination . If Plan decides to terminate this Attachment, Plan shall give Provider written
notice, to the extent required under CMS regulations, of the reasons for the action, including, if relevant, the
standards and the profiling data the organization used to evaluate Provider and the numbers and mix of
Participating Providers Plan needs.  Such written notice shall also set forth Provider's right to appeal the
action and the process and timing for requesting a hearing.
11.2 Effect  of  Termination .  Following  termination  of  this  Attachment,  the  remainder  of  the  Agreement  shall
continue in full force and effect, if applicable.   In addition, upon termination of this Attachment but subject to
the Continuation of Care provision(s) and applicable Regulatory Requirements, any references to services,
reimbursement,  or  participation  in  Networks  related  to  the  Medicare  Advantage  Program  are  hereby
terminated in full and shall have no further force and effect.
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicare Advantage Attachment
© 2020 Nov –  Services  Washington, Inc. 34 09/28/2021

11.3 Termination Without Cause . Either party may terminate this Attachment without cause by giving at least one
hundred twenty (120) days prior written notice of termination to the other party.
ARTICLE XII 
GENERAL PROVISIONS
12.1 Inconsistencies . In the event of an inconsistency between terms of this Attachment and the terms and
conditions as set forth in the Agreement, the terms and conditions of this Attachment shall govern. Except as
set forth herein, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement remain in full force and effect.
12.2 Interpret According to Medicare Laws . Provider and Plan intend that the terms of the Agreement and this
Attachment as they relate to the provision of MA Covered Services under the Medicare Advantage Program
shall  be  interpreted  in  a  manner  consistent  with  applicable  requirements  under  Medicare  Regulatory
Requirements.
12.3 Subcontractors
. In addition to the Use of Subcontractors provision of the Agreement, Provider agrees that if
Provider  enters  into  subcontracts  to  perform  services  under  the  terms  of  this  Attachment,  Provider's
subcontracts shall include: (1) an agreement by the subcontractor to comply with all of Provider's obligations
in the Agreement and this Attachment; (2) a prompt payment provision as negotiated by Provider and the
subcontractor; (3) a provision setting forth the term of the subcontract (preferably one (1) year or longer);
and (4) dated signatures of all the parties to the subcontract.
12.4 Delegated  Activities
.  If  Plan  has  delegated  activities  to  Provider,  then  Plan  will  provide  the  following
information to Provider and Provider shall provide such information to any of its subcontracted entities:
12.4.1 A list of delegated activities and reporting responsibilities;
12.4.2 Arrangements for the revocation of delegated activities;
12.4.3 Notification that the performance of the contracted and subcontracted entities will be monitored by
Plan;
12.4.4 Notification that the credentialing process must be approved and monitored by Plan; and
12.4.5 Notification that all contracted and subcontracted entities must comply with all applicable Medicare
Regulatory Requirements and CMS instructions.
12.5 Delegation of Provider Selection
. In addition to the responsibilities for delegated activities as set forth herein,
to the extent that Plan has delegated selection of providers, contractors, or subcontractor to Provider, Plan
retains the right to approve, suspend, or terminate any such arrangement.
12.6 Survival of Attachment . Provider further agrees that: (1) the hold harmless and continuation of care sections
shall survive the termination of this Attachment or disenrollment of the MA Member; and (2) these provisions
supersede any oral or written contrary agreement now existing or hereafter entered into between Provider
and an MA Member or persons acting on their behalf that relates to liability for payment for, or continuation
of, MA Covered Services provided under the terms and conditions of these clauses.
12.7 Attachment Amendment
. Notwithstanding the Amendment provision in the Agreement, this Attachment shall
be automatically modified to conform to required changes to Regulatory Requirements related to Medicare
Advantage Programs without the necessity of executing written amendments.  For amendments not required
by Regulatory Requirements related to Medicare Advantage Programs,  shall make a good faith
effort  to  provide  notice  to  Provider  at  least  thirty  (30)  days  in  advance  of  the  effective  date  of  the
amendment.
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement Medicare Advantage Attachment
© 2020 Nov –  Services  Washington, Inc. 35 09/28/2021

BEHAVORIAL HEALTH SERVICES WRAPAROUND WITH INTENSIVE SERVICES REQUIRED PROVISIONS
ATTACHMENT TO THE 
 WASHINGTON, INC. 
PROVIDER AGREEMENT
This is a Wraparound with Intensive Services ("WISe") Program Attachment (this "Attachment") to the 
Provider  Agreement  ("Agreement"),  entered  into  by  and  between   and  Provider  ("Provider")  and  is
incorporated into the Agreement.
PROGRAM PROVISIONS
1. Provider must be a Health Care Authority ("HCA") approved WISe agency.
2. WISe Implementation . Provider agrees to cooperate with  efforts in connection with development of
Provider capacity and workforce development.  Provider shall report WISe capacity and service intensity data to
 on a monthly basis.  Such data shall be submitted to  no later than the fifth (5th) day of each
month.
3. Notifications.
3.1 Provider must notify  if they are unable to maintain sufficient staffing levels of WISe qualified
staff.
3.2 Provider will notify  anytime a Medicaid Member is
a) approved for the WISe program
b) Denial of WISe services based on the CANS
c) Reduction in services
d) Suspension of services
4. Primary Setting
. Provider agrees to provide WISe services in the home and in community locations, and at times and
locations  that  ensure  meaningful  participation  of  youth,  family  members,  and  natural  supports.  Assessment,
treatment, and support services are provided in the youth and family's natural setting, where needs, strengths, and
challenges present themselves (such as home, school and community).
5. WISe  Program  Policy and  Procedure  Manual . Provider  shall  comply with  all  requirements  of the  most current
Washington State WISe Program Policy and Procedure Manual, including, but not limited to, requirements related to
grievances and appeals.
6. Policies and Procedures
. Provider shall have in place policies and procedures applicable to the WISe Program and
shall also comply with  WISe Program policies and procedures communicated to Provider by 
In the event of any conflict between the terms of  WISe policies and procedures and Provider's WISe
policies and procedures, the terms of  policies and procedures shall govern.  In the event of any conflict
between the terms of the Washington State WISe Program Policy and Procedure Manual and either  or
Provider's WISe policies and procedures, the terms of the Washington State WISe Program Policy and Procedure
Manual shall govern.
7. Continuity of Care
. Provider shall notify  in the event that Medicaid Members receiving WISe services and
transition age youth ("TAY") require assistance with any of the following:
7.1 WISe TAY Medicaid Members approaching discharge from WISe who may require additional assistance
with housing/employment services/transitioning to a lower level of care/PH services or transition to adult
services;
7.2 Other (non-TAY) Medicaid Members transitioning out of WISe who may require assistance transitioning to a
lower level of care;
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement WISe Attachment
© 2019 Nov –  Services  Washington, Inc. 36 09/28/2021

7.3 Youth Medicaid Members in WISe who are moving to other areas of the state of Washington who may
require assistance with care coordination to the new region.
8. Screening.
8.1 For WISe Program eligibility screens, Provider shall complete a Child and Adolescent Needs and Strengths
(CANS) screen, regardless of referral source.  A mental health intake must not be required to be completed
to do the WISe screen.
8.2 Provider shall complete CANS screens within ten (10) business days from the date that Provider receives
the referral, CANS full within thirty (30) calendar days of the WISe screen, and updated CANS full every
ninety (90) days thereafter, or such other timeframes required under applicable Regulatory Requirements.
CANS Screens and CANS full must be entered into the Behavioral Health Assessment System (BHAS). A
WISe screen is not considered to be complete until entered into the BHAS.
8.3 Provider must notify  in writing of all instances, regardless of the reason, where a Medicaid
Member was given a CANS screen and not subsequently enrolled in the WISe Program.
9. WISe Services.
9.1 The provision of WISe services must include a Child and family Team (CFT) and, at a minimum, access to
the following:
9.1.1 Intake evaluation;
9.1.2 Intensive care coordination;
9.1.3 Intensive services;
9.1.4 24/7 Crisis intervention and stabilization services.
9.2 Delivery of the full WISe service array focused on the needs and strengths and driven by youth and family
voices and choice will be evaluated in accordance with HCA's WISe Quality Management ("QM") Plan and
the  WISe QM Plan.
10. WISe Collaborative.
10.1 Provider  will  participate  in  regional  WISe  Collaborative,  Family  Youth  System  Partner  Round  Table
(FYSPRT) and other WISe-related meetings.
10.2 Provider will work with  on the WISe Collaborative Action Plan.
10.3 Provider will participate in WISe Quality Improvement Review (QIRT) processes.
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement WISe Attachment
© 2019 Nov –  Services  Washington, Inc. 37 09/28/2021

PLAN COMPENSATION SCHEDULE ("PCS")
ARTICLE I 
DEFINITIONS
The definitions set forth below shall apply with respect to all of the terms outlined in this PCS.  Terms not otherwise
defined in this PCS and defined elsewhere in the Agreement shall carry the meanings set forth in the Agreement.
"Capitation" means the amount paid by  to a provider or management services organization on a per
member per month basis for either specific services or the total cost of care for Covered Services.
"Case  Rate" means  the  all-inclusive   Rate for  an  entire admission  or  one outpatient  encounter  for
Covered Services.
"Chargemaster" or "Charge Master" means facility's listing of facility charges for products, services and supplies.
"Coded Service Identifier(s)" means a listing of descriptive terms and identifying codes, updated from time to time by
CMS or other industry source, for reporting Health Services on the CMS 1500 or CMS 1450/UB-04 claim form or its
successor as applicable based on the services provided.  The codes include but are not limited to, American Medical
Association  Current  Procedural  Terminology  ("CPT®-4"),  CMS  Healthcare  Common  Procedure  Coding  System
("HCPCS"), International Classification of Diseases, 10th Revision ("ICD-10"), National Uniform Billing Committee
("Revenue Code") and National Drug Code ("NDC") or their successors.
"Cost to Charge Ratio" ("CCR") means the quotient of cost (total operating expenses minus other operating revenue)
divided by charges (gross patient revenue) expressed as a decimal, as defined by Regulatory Requirements.
"Diagnosis-Related Group" ("DRG") means Diagnosis Related Group or its successor as established by CMS or
other grouper, including but not limited to, a state mandated grouper or other industry standard grouper.
"DRG Rate" means the all-inclusive dollar amount which is multiplied by the appropriate DRG Weight to determine
the  Rate for Covered Services.
"DRG Weight" means the weight applicable to the specific DRG methodology set forth in this PCS, including but not
limited to, CMS DRG weights as published in the Federal Register, state agency weights, or other industry standard
weights.
"Eligible Charges" means those Provider Charges that meet  conditions and requirements for a Health
Service to be eligible for reimbursement.  These conditions and requirements include but are not limited to: Member
program  eligibility,  Provider  program  eligibility,  benefit  coverage,  authorization  requirements,  provider  manual
specifications,  administrative, clinical and reimbursement policies and methodologies, code editing logic,
coordination of benefits, Regulatory Requirements, and this Agreement.  Eligible Charges do not include Provider
Charges for any items or services that Provider receives and/or provides free of charge.
"Emergency  Condition"  means  a  medical  condition  manifesting  itself  by  acute  symptoms  of  sufficient  severity
(including severe pain) such that a prudent layperson, with an average knowledge of health and medicine, could
reasonably expect the absence of immediate medical attention to result in serious jeopardy to the health of the
individual, or in the case of a pregnant woman, the health of the woman or her unborn child; serious impairment to
bodily functions; or serious dysfunction of any bodily organ or part.
"Emergency  Services"  means  those  Covered  Services  furnished  by  a  provider  qualified  to  furnish  emergency
services, and which are needed to evaluate or treat an Emergency Condition.
"Encounter Data" means Claim information and any additional information submitted by a provider under capitated or
risk-sharing arrangements for Health Services rendered to Members.
"Encounter Rate" means the  Rate that is all-inclusive of professional, technical and facility charges
including evaluation and management, pharmaceuticals, routine surgical and therapeutic procedures, and diagnostic
testing (including laboratory and radiology) capable of being performed on site.
"Fee Schedule(s)" means the complete listing of  Rate(s) for specific services that is payment for each
unit of service allowed based on applicable Coded Service Identifier(s) for Covered Services.
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement PCS
© 2021 July –  Services  Washington, Inc. 38 09/28/2021

"Global Case Rate" means the all-inclusive  Rate which includes facility, professional and physician
services for specific Coded Service Identifier(s) for Covered Services.
"Inpatient Services" means Covered Services provided by a facility to a Member who is admitted and treated as a
registered inpatient, is assigned a licensed bed within the facility, remains assigned to such bed and for whom a room
and board charge is made.
"Observation" means the services furnished on the facility's premises, including use of a bed and periodic monitoring
by nursing or other staff, which are Medically Necessary to evaluate a Member's condition and determine if the
Member requires an inpatient admission to the facility. Such determination shall be in compliance with Policies or
Regulatory Requirements.
"Outlier Rate" means the payment applied to an admission which exceeds the outlier threshold as set forth in the
PCS or in compliance with Policies or Regulatory Requirements.
"Outpatient Services" means Covered Services provided by a facility to a Member who is admitted and treated as a
registered outpatient within the facility.
"Patient Day" means each approved calendar day of care that a Member receives in the facility, to the extent such
day of care is a Covered Service under the terms of the Member's Health Benefit Plan, but excluding the day of
discharge.
"Percentage Rate" means the  Rate that is a percentage of Eligible Charges billed by a provider for
Covered Services.
"Per Diem Rate" means the  Rate that is the all-inclusive fixed payment for Covered Services rendered on
a single date of service.
"Per Hour Rate" means the  Rate that is payment based on an increment of time for Covered Services.
"Per Relative Value Unit" ("RVU") means the  Rate for each unit of service based on the CMS, State
Agency or other (e.g., American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA)) defined Relative Value Unit (RVU).
"Per Service Rate" means the  Rate that is payment for each service allowed based on applicable Coded
Service Identifier(s) for Covered Services.
"Per Unit Rate" means the  Rate that is payment for each unit of service allowed based on applicable
Coded Service Identifier(s) for Covered Services.
"Per Visit Rate" means the  Rate that is the all-inclusive fixed payment for one encounter for Covered
Services.
"Provider Charges" means the regular, uniform rate or price Provider determines and submits to  as
charges for Health Services provided to Members.  Such Provider Charges shall be no greater than the rate or price
Provider submits to any person or other health care benefit payor for the same Health Services provided, regardless
of whether Provider agrees with such person or other payor to accept a different rate or price as payment in full for
such services.
"Short Stay" means an inpatient hospital stay that is less than a specified number of calendar days in compliance with
Policies and/or Regulatory Requirements.
ARTICLE II 
GENERAL PROVISIONS
Billing Form and Claims Reporting Requirements
. Provider shall submit all Claims on a CMS 1500 or CMS 1450/UB-
04 claim form or its successor form(s) as applicable based on the Health Services provided in accordance with
Policies or applicable Regulatory Requirements.  Provider shall report all Health Services in accordance with the
Coded Service Identifier(s) reporting guidelines and instructions using HIPAA compliant billing codes.  In addition,
Plan shall not pay any Claim(s) nor accept any Encounter Data submitted using non-compliant codes.  Plan audits
that result in identification of Health Services that are not reported in accordance with the Coded Service Identifier(s)
guidelines and instructions, will be subject to recovery through remittance adjustment or other recovery action as may
be set forth in the provider manual(s).
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement PCS
© 2021 July –  Services  Washington, Inc. 39 09/28/2021

Claim Submissions for Pharmaceuticals . Each Claim submitted for a pharmaceutical product must include standard
Coded Service Identifier(s), a National Drug Code ("NDC") number of the covered medication, a description of the
product, and dosage and units administered.  Unless otherwise required under Regulatory Requirements, Plan shall
not reimburse for any pharmaceuticals that are not administered to the Member and/or deemed contaminated and/or
considered waste.
Coding Updates . Coded Service Identifier(s) used to define specific rates are updated from time to time to reflect
new, deleted or replacement codes.   shall use commercially reasonable efforts to update all applicable
Coded Service Identifiers within sixty (60) days of release by CMS or other applicable authority.  When billing codes
are updated, Provider is required to use appropriate replacement codes for Claims for Covered Services, regardless
of whether this Agreement has been amended to reflect changes to standard billing codes.  If Provider bills a revised
code prior to the effective date of the revised code, the Claim will be rejected or denied and Provider shall resubmit
Claim with correct code.  In addition, Claims with codes which have been deleted will be rejected or denied.
Coding Software . Updates to  Claims processing filters, code editing software, pricers, and any edits
related thereto, as a result of changes in Coded Service Identifier(s) reporting guidelines and instructions, shall take
place automatically and do not require any notice, disclosure or amendment to Provider.   reserves the
right  to  use  a  code  editing  software  as  reasonably  required  by   to  ensure  Claims  adjudication  in
accordance with industry standards, including, but not limited to, determining which services are considered part of,
incidental to, or inclusive of the primary procedure and ensuring medically appropriate  age, gender, diagnosis,
frequency, and units billed.
Modifiers.  All  appropriate  modifiers  must  be  submitted  in  accordance  with  Regulatory  Requirements,  industry
standard billing guidelines and Policies. If appropriate modifiers are not submitted, Claims may be rejected or denied.
New/Expanded Service or New/Expanded Technology
. In accordance with the Scope/Change in Status section of the
Agreement, as of the Effective Date of this Agreement, any New/Expanded Service or New/Expanded Technology
(defined below) is not reimbursable under this Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Provider may submit the
following documentation to  at least sixty (60) days prior to the implementation of any New/Expanded
Service  or  New/Expanded  Technology  for  consideration  as  a  reimbursable  service:  (1)  a  description  of  the
New/Expanded  Service  or  New/Expanded  Technology;  (2)  Provider's  proposed  charge  for  the  New/Expanded
Service or New/Expanded Technology; (3) such other reasonable data and information required by  to
evaluate the New/Expanded Service or New/Expanded Technology.  In addition,  may also need to obtain
approval  from  applicable  Agency  prior  to   making  determination  that  New/Expanded  Service  or
New/Expanded Technology can be considered a reimbursable service.  If  agrees that the New/Expanded
Service or New/Expanded Technology may be reimbursable under this Agreement, then  shall notify
Provider, and both parties agree to negotiate in good faith, a new  Rate for the New/Expanded Service or
New/Expanded Technology within sixty (60) days of  notice to Provider.  If the parties are unable to
reach an agreement on a new  Rate for the New/Expanded Service or New/Expanded Technology before
the end of the sixty (60) day period, then such New/Expanded Service or New/Expanded Technology shall not be
reimbursed by  and the Payment in Full and Hold Harmless provision of this Agreement shall apply.
a. "New/Expanded  Service" shall be defined  as a Health  Service: (a) that Provider was not providing to
Members as of the Effective Date of this Agreement and; (b) for which there is not a specific 
Rate as set forth in this PCS.
b. "New/Expanded Technology" shall be defined as a technological advancement in the delivery of a Covered
Service which results in a material increase to the cost of such service. New/Expanded Technology shall not
include a new device, or implant that merely represents a new model or an improved model of a device or
implant used in connection with a service provided by Provider as of the Effective Date of this Agreement.
Non-Priced Codes for Covered Services
.  reserves the right to establish a rate for codes that are not
priced in this PCS or in the Fee Schedule(s), including but not limited to, Not Otherwise Classified Codes ("NOC"),
Not  Otherwise  Specified  ("NOS"),  Miscellaneous,  Individual  Consideration  Codes  ("IC"),  and  By  Report  ("BR")
(collectively "Non-Priced Codes").   shall only reimburse Non-Priced Codes for Covered Services in the
following situations:  (i) the Non-Priced Code does not have a published dollar amount on the then current applicable
Plan, State or CMS Fee Schedule, (ii) the Non-Priced Code has a zero dollar amount listed, or (iii) the Non-Priced
Code requires manual pricing.  In such situations, such Non-Priced Code shall be reimbursed at a rate established by
 for such Covered Service.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  shall not price Non-Priced Codes
that are not Covered Services under the Members Health Benefit Plan.   may require the submission of
medical records, invoices, or other documentation for Claims payment consideration.
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement PCS
© 2021 July –  Services  Washington, Inc. 40 09/28/2021

Reimbursement for  Rate Based on Eligible Charges . Notwithstanding any reimbursement amount set
forth herein, Provider shall only be allowed to receive such reimbursement if such reimbursement is for an Eligible
Charge.  In addition, if Provider reimbursement is under one or more of the following methodologies: Capitation, Case
Rate, DRG Rate, Encounter Rate, Global Case Rate, Per Diem Rate, Per Relative Value Unit (RVU), and Per Visit
Rate, then individual services billed shall not be reimbursed separately, unless otherwise specified in the PCS
Attachment(s).
Reimbursement for Subcontractors . Plan shall not be liable for any reimbursement in addition to the applicable
 Rate as a result of Provider's use of a subcontractor.  Provider shall be solely responsible to pay
subcontractors for any Health Services, and shall via written contract, contractually prohibit such subcontractors from
billing, collecting or attempting to collect from  Plan or Members.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if
 has a direct contract with the subcontractor, the direct contract shall prevail over this Agreement and the
subcontractor shall bill  under the direct contract for any subcontracted services, with the exception of
nursing services provided for Home Infusion Therapy, or unless otherwise agreed to by the parties.
Tax Assessment and Penalties . The  Rates in this Agreement include all sales and use taxes and other
taxes on Provider revenue, gross earnings, profits, income and other taxes, charges or assessments of any nature
whatsoever  (together with any related  interest or penalties) now  or hereafter imposed against  or collectible by
Provider  with  respect  to  Covered  Services,  unless  otherwise  required  by  Agency  pursuant  to  Regulatory
Requirements. Neither Provider nor Plan shall add any amount to or deduct any amount from the  Rates,
whether on account of taxes, assessments, tax penalties or tax exemptions.
Updates to  Rate(s) Based on External Sources . Unless otherwise required by Regulatory Requirements,
and  notwithstanding  any  proprietary  fee  schedule(s)/rate(s)/methodologies,   shall  use  commercially
reasonable efforts to update the  Rate(s) based on External Sources, which include but are not limited to,
i)  CMS  Medicare  fee  schedule(s)/rate(s)/methodologies;  ii)   Medicaid  or  State  Agency  fee
schedule(s)/rate(s)/methodologies;  iii)  vendor  fee  schedule(s)/rate(s)/methodologies;  or  iv)  any  other  entity's
published fee schedule(s)/rate(s)/methodologies (collectively "External Sources") no later than sixty (60) days after
 receipt of the final fee schedule(s)/rate(s)/methodologies change from such External Sources, or on the
effective date of such final fee schedule(s)/rate(s)/methodologies change, whichever is later.  The effective date of
such final fee schedule(s)/rate(s)/methodologies change shall be the effective date of the change as published by
External Sources.  Fee schedule(s)/rate(s)/methodologies will be applied on a prospective basis.  Claims processed
prior to the implementation of the new  Rate(s) in  payment system shall not be reprocessed,
however, if reprocessing is required by Regulatory Requirements, and such reprocessing could result in a potential
under and/or over payment to a Provider, then Plan may reconcile the Claim adjustments to determine the remaining
amount Provider owes Plan, or that Plan owes to Provider.  Any resultant overpayment recoveries (i.e. Provider owes
Plan) shall occur automatically without advance notification to Provider.  Unless otherwise required by Regulatory
Requirements,  shall not be responsible for interest payments that may be the result of a late notification
by External Sources to  of fee schedule(s)/rate(s)/methodologies change.
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement PCS
© 2021 July –  Services  Washington, Inc. 41 09/28/2021

PLAN COMPENSATION SCHEDULE ("PCS") ATTACHMENT
MEDICAID
For purposes of determining the rma Rate, the total reimbursement amount that Provider and scsicaam
have agreed upon for the applicable provider type(s) for Covered Services provided under this Agreement in effect on
the date of service shall be as set forth below.
The parties acknowledge and agree that the Medicaid Fee Schedule is subject to modification by J at any
time during the term of this Agreement and will be applied on a prospective basis.
Po Progra: Medicaid Network
Behavioral Health Facili
Billing Code
Inpatient Psychiatric Revenue Codes 0114, $561.00 Per Diem
Services 0124, 0134, 0154
Inpatient Detox Services Revenue Codes 0116, $561.00 Per Diem
0126, 0136, 0156
1. Applicable for Island County, Whatcom County, and Spokane Facilities only.
2. Provider agrees to reference SERI coding guidelines, available through J Web portal, to ensure the
proper billing and reimbursement.
Po Program] Medicaid Network
Behavioral Health Facili
Billing Code
Co-Occurring Residential H0018 with applicable $314.44 Per Diem
Program modifier
Room and Board H2036 with applicable $12.57
modifier
1.Provider agrees to reference SERI coding guidelines, available through [J Web portal, to ensure the
proper billing and reimbursement.
2.Per Diem Method is an all-inclusive rate for each day for all services including, but not limited to professional
diagnostic and therapeutic services, ancillary services, supplies, medications, etc. Only one (1) per diem can be billed
daily.
po Progra: Medicaid Network
Behavioral Health Facili
Billing Code
Opiate Use Disorder H0018 $279.73 Per Diem
Program
Room and Board H2036 with applicable $11.87 Per Diem
modifiers
Applicable for NPI: 1912563883
1.Provider agrees to reference SERI coding guidelines, available through J Web portal, to ensure the
proper billing and reimbursement.
2.Per Diem Method is an all-inclusive rate for each day for all services including, but not limited to professional
diagnostic and therapeutic services, ancillary services, supplies, medications, etc. Only one (1) per diem can be billed
daily.
po Progra] Medicaid Network
Benavioral Healt Facili
Billing Code Rate/Methodolog
Sub Acute Withdrawal North Sound Medicaid Percentage
Management- Skagit Eligibles of Program Utilization
Community Detox multiplied by the amount in
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement PCS Attachment 42 cpecpuaral
Medicaid — Behavioral Health Facility UY 201 2021
© 2019 Nov V3 - I Services NNN Washington, Inc.

Po Section 1. Po
Sub Acute Withdrawal North Sound Medicaid Percentage Per Month
Management- Whatcom Eligibles of Program Utilization

multiplied by the amount in

Section 1.b.
1. Monthly Compensation for Services:
a. Crisis Stabilization Services- Skagit Community Detox: rear actual percentage of
of program utilization of eligible members served in the North Sound Region multiplied by $225,794.54(Provider's
monthly base).
b. Crisis Stabilization Services- Whatcom Sub Acute Withdrawal Management: Tareas actual percentage of
of program utilization of eligible members served in the North Sound Region multiplied by $59,463.55 (Provider's
monthly base).
2. "Eligibles" are defined as any individuals who are eligible beneficiaries under J Washington State
Medicaid IMC managed care program and reside within the North Sound region.
3. Reimbursement amount set forth above are inclusive of all services rendered by the provider.
a. Provider will submit an invoice for Sub Acute Withdrawal Management Services on a monthly basis within 30 days
of the end of the each month services were rendered
b. The invoice shall detain each MCO's proportionate share of utilization, current month expense detail, and list of
open clients and service days.
c. og issue payment to Provider for monthly services within 20 business days of receipt of invoice.
4. Provider understands and agrees that, any payment to the Provider by under this Agreement, is
contingent upon J first receiving HCA's payment ey proportional share for
eligible Covered Person's residing in the North Sound Region.
5. All applicable modifiers must be used in accordance with standard billing guidelines, if applicable.
6. Provider agrees to reference SERI coding guidelines, available through J Web portal, to ensure the
proper billing and reimbursement.

Progra: Medicaid Network

Behavioral Health Facili

Rate/Methodolog
Mental Health Crisis Spokane Medicaid Eligibles Percentage
Stabilization- Spokane of Program Utilization

multiplied by the amount in

Section 1.a.
1. Monthly Compensation for Services:
a. Mental Health Crisis Stabilization- Spokane: a actual percentage of
of program utilization of eligible members served in the Spokane Region multiplied by $275,113.00 (Provider's
monthly base).
2. "Eligibles" are defined as any individuals who are eligible beneficiaries under J Washington State
Medicaid IMC managed care program and reside within the Spokane region.
3. Reimbursement amount set forth above are inclusive of all services rendered by the provider.
a. Provider will submit an invoice for Mental Health Crisis Stabilization Services on a monthly basis within 30 days
of the end of the each month services were rendered
b. The invoice shall detain each MCO's proportionate share of utilization, current month expense detail, and list of
open clients and service days.
Cc. will issue payment to Provider for monthly services within 20 business days of receipt of invoice.
4. Provider understands and agrees that, any payment to the Provider by under this Agreement, is
contingent upon [i first receiving HCA's payment to 0 proportional share for
eligible Covered Person's residing in the North Sound Region.
5. All applicable modifiers must be used in accordance with standard billing guidelines, if applicable.
Mssead"eehavaahtaameacay cS Om 43 an
©2019 Nov V3 - Services Washington, Inc.

6. Provider agrees to reference SERI coding guidelines, available through  Web portal, to ensure the
proper billing and reimbursement.
Medicaid Affiliate Services . Provider acknowledges that  is affiliated with health plans that offer similar
benefits under similar programs as the programs covered hereunder ("Medicaid Affiliates").  The parties acknowledge
that Provider is not a Participating Provider in Medicaid Affiliate's Network for purposes of rendering services to
Medicaid Members. However, in the event Provider treats a Medicaid Member of a Medicaid Affiliate, subject to
Regulatory Requirements, Provider shall accept as payment in full the rates established by the Medicaid Affiliate's
state program governing care to Medicaid Members.   Such services must be Medicaid Covered Services under the
Medicaid Affiliate's state program, and shall require prior authorization, except for Emergency Services and services
for which a Medicaid Member is entitled to self-refer.  Upon request,  shall coordinate and provide
information as necessary between Provider and Medicaid Affiliate for services rendered to Medicaid Member.
Reimbursement Specific to Provider Type
The following will be reimbursed for facility services only: Acute Care Hospital, ASC, Behavioral Health Facility, Free
Standing Birthing Center, Rehabilitation Facility and SNF.  Professional services are excluded.
Ambulance Provider Air and/or Ground shall be reimbursed in accordance with Regulatory Requirements for the
applicable methodology based on the referenced fee schedule.  If such reimbursement is based on an 
Rate, the  applicable state methodology  on which such fee  schedule is based, shall be  used to determine the
appropriate level of reimbursement.
Hospice reimbursement is inclusive of skilled nursing, home health aide, medical social worker services, dietary,
pastoral, bereavement counseling, DME, medical supplies and administration of medication.
Specialty Provider Individual and/or group (Non-MD or DO) shall be reimbursed in accordance with Regulatory
Requirements for the applicable methodology based on the referenced fee schedule.  If such reimbursement is based
on an  proprietary fee schedule, the applicable state methodology on which such fee schedule is based,
shall be used to determine the appropriate level of reimbursement. 
 
Specialty Provider Individual and/or group (including Non-MD or DO) shall be reimbursed for anesthesiology services
in accordance with the accumulation of base, modifier and time units multiplied by the Washington State Medicaid
Anesthesia Conversion Factor.  The services should be billed in minute increments. One time unit will be allowed for
each fifteen (15) minute interval, or fraction thereof, starting from the time Provider begins to prepare the Member for
induction and ending when the Member may safely be placed under post-operative supervision and Provider is no
longer in personal attendance.
"Ambulatory Patient Group" ("APG") means the  Rate that is a fixed reimbursement to a facility for
Outpatient Services and which incorporates data regarding the reason for the visit and patient data.
"Ambulatory Payment Classification" ("APC") or its successor shall have the meaning set forth in the Medicare law
and CMS regulations and guidance.
"  DMEPOS and PEN Fee Schedule" means the applicable  DMEPOS and PEN Fee Schedule
for the market(s) and program(s) covered by the Agreement. The parties acknowledge and agree that the 
DMEPOS and PEN Fee Schedule is subject to modification by  at any time during the term of the
Agreement.  DMEPOS and PEN Fee Schedule and/or rate changes will be applied on a prospective
basis.
"  Reference Laboratory Fee Schedule" means the  Rate that is the  Reference
Laboratory Fee Schedule that is based on the Medicare Fee Schedule and may contain additional CPT/HCPCS
codes.  Reference Laboratory Fee Schedule and/or rate changes will be applied on a prospective basis.
The  Reference Laboratory Fee Schedule contains all codes from the Medicare Clinical Laboratory Fee
Schedule, pathology codes from the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule, and additional codes added by Plan.
"  Medicaid  Rate(s)/Fee  Schedule(s)/Methodologies"  means  the   Medicaid  Rate(s)/Fee
Schedule(s)/ in effect on the date of service for the provider type(s)/service(s) identified herein for the applicable
Medicaid Program(s).
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement PCS Attachment
Medicaid – Behavioral Health Facility 
© 2019 Nov V3 –  Services  Washington, Inc.
44 09/28/2021

"CMS Outpatient Prospective Payment System" ("OPPS") shall have the meaning set forth in Medicare law and CMS
regulations and guidance.
"Medical Care Management Rate" means the amount paid by  to Provider on a per member per month
basis  for  facilitation  of  collaborative  programs  meant  to  manage  medical/social/mental  health  conditions  more
effectively.
"Medicare Fee Schedule" means the applicable Medicare Fee Schedule for the provider type(s) identified herein,
including  payment  conversion  factor,  where  applicable,  and  in  effect  on  the  date  of  the  service  is  initiated  to
Members. Medicare Fee Schedule and/or rate changes will be applied on a prospective basis.
"Medicare LUPA National Base Rate" means the Medicare LUPA ("Low Utilization Payment Adjustment") National
Base rate in effect as of the date of service for the market(s) and program(s) covered by the Agreement at the time
the Covered Services are initiated to the Member. Medicare LUPA National Base Rate changes will be applied on a
prospective basis.
"Medicare Part B Drug Average Sales Price ("ASP") Fee Schedule" means the Medicare Part B Drug Average Sales
Price ("ASP") Fee Schedule (or successor) in effect as of the date of service for the market(s) and programs covered
by the Agreement at the time the Covered Services is initiated to the Member. Medicare Part B Drug Average Sales
Price ("ASP") Fee Schedule and/or rate changes will be applied on a prospective basis.
"Washington  State  Medicaid  Rate(s)/Fee  Schedule(s)/Methodologies"  means  the  Washington  State  Medicaid
Rate(s)/Fee Schedule(s)/ in effect on the date of service for the provider type(s)/service(s) identified herein for the
applicable Medicaid Program(s).
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement PCS Attachment
Medicaid – Behavioral Health Facility 
© 2019 Nov V3 –  Services  Washington, Inc.
45 09/28/2021

PLAN COMPENSATION SCHEDULE ("PCS") ATTACHMENT
MEDICAID
For purposes of determining the  Rate, the total reimbursement amount that Provider and 
have agreed upon for the applicable provider type(s) for Covered Services provided under this Agreement in effect on
the date of service shall be as set forth below.
The parties acknowledge and agree that the Medicaid Fee Schedule is subject to modification by  at any
time during the term of this Agreement and will be applied on a prospective basis.
Medicaid Affiliate Services . Provider acknowledges that  is affiliated with health plans that offer similar
benefits under similar programs as the programs covered hereunder ("Medicaid Affiliates").  The parties acknowledge
that Provider is not a Participating Provider in Medicaid Affiliate's Network for purposes of rendering services to
Medicaid Members. However, in the event Provider treats a Medicaid Member of a Medicaid Affiliate, subject to
Regulatory Requirements, Provider shall accept as payment in full the rates established by the Medicaid Affiliate's
state program governing care to Medicaid Members.   Such services must be Medicaid Covered Services under the
Medicaid Affiliate's state program, and shall require prior authorization, except for Emergency Services and services
for which a Medicaid Member is entitled to self-refer.  Upon request,  shall coordinate and provide
information as necessary between Provider and Medicaid Affiliate for services rendered to Medicaid Member.
Reimbursement Specific to Provider Type
The following will be reimbursed for facility services only: Acute Care Hospital, ASC, Behavioral Health Facility, Free
Standing Birthing Center, Rehabilitation Facility and SNF.  Professional services are excluded.
Ambulance Provider Air and/or Ground shall be reimbursed in accordance with Regulatory Requirements for the
applicable methodology based on the referenced fee schedule.  If such reimbursement is based on an 
Rate, the  applicable state methodology  on which such fee  schedule is based, shall be  used to determine the
appropriate level of reimbursement.
Hospice reimbursement is inclusive of skilled nursing, home health aide, medical social worker services, dietary,
pastoral, bereavement counseling, DME, medical supplies and administration of medication.
Specialty Provider Individual and/or group (Non-MD or DO) shall be reimbursed in accordance with Regulatory
Requirements for the applicable methodology based on the referenced fee schedule.  If such reimbursement is based
on an  proprietary fee schedule, the applicable state methodology on which such fee schedule is based,
shall be used to determine the appropriate level of reimbursement. 
 
Specialty Provider Individual and/or group (including Non-MD or DO) shall be reimbursed for anesthesiology services
in accordance with the accumulation of base, modifier and time units multiplied by the Washington State Medicaid
Anesthesia Conversion Factor.  The services should be billed in minute increments. One time unit will be allowed for
each fifteen (15) minute interval, or fraction thereof, starting from the time Provider begins to prepare the Member for
induction and ending when the Member may safely be placed under post-operative supervision and Provider is no
longer in personal attendance.
"Ambulatory Patient Group" ("APG") means the  Rate that is a fixed reimbursement to a facility for
Outpatient Services and which incorporates data regarding the reason for the visit and patient data.
"Ambulatory Payment Classification" ("APC") or its successor shall have the meaning set forth in the Medicare law
and CMS regulations and guidance.
"  DMEPOS and PEN Fee Schedule" means the applicable  DMEPOS and PEN Fee Schedule
for the market(s) and program(s) covered by the Agreement. The parties acknowledge and agree that the 
DMEPOS and PEN Fee Schedule is subject to modification by  at any time during the term of the
Agreement.  DMEPOS and PEN Fee Schedule and/or rate changes will be applied on a prospective
basis.
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement PCS Attachment
Medicaid – Behavioral Health Practitioner
© 2019 Nov – V3  Services  Washington, Inc.
46 09/28/2021

"  Reference Laboratory Fee Schedule" means the  Rate that is the  Reference
Laboratory Fee Schedule that is based on the Medicare Fee Schedule and may contain additional CPT/HCPCS
codes.  Reference Laboratory Fee Schedule and/or rate changes will be applied on a prospective basis.
The  Reference Laboratory Fee Schedule contains all codes from the Medicare Clinical Laboratory Fee
Schedule, pathology codes from the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule, and additional codes added by Plan.
"  Medicaid  Rate(s)/Fee  Schedule(s)/Methodologies"  means  the   Medicaid  Rate(s)/Fee
Schedule(s)/ in effect on the date of service for the provider type(s)/service(s) identified herein for the applicable
Medicaid Program(s).
"CMS Outpatient Prospective Payment System" ("OPPS") shall have the meaning set forth in Medicare law and CMS
regulations and guidance.
"Medical Care Management Rate" means the amount paid by  to Provider on a per member per month
basis  for  facilitation  of  collaborative  programs  meant  to  manage  medical/social/mental  health  conditions  more
effectively.
"Medicare Fee Schedule" means the applicable Medicare Fee Schedule for the provider type(s) identified herein,
including  payment  conversion  factor,  where  applicable,  and  in  effect  on  the  date  of  the  service  is  initiated  to
Members. Medicare Fee Schedule and/or rate changes will be applied on a prospective basis.
"Medicare LUPA National Base Rate" means the Medicare LUPA ("Low Utilization Payment Adjustment") National
Base rate in effect as of the date of service for the market(s) and program(s) covered by the Agreement at the time
the Covered Services are initiated to the Member. Medicare LUPA National Base Rate changes will be applied on a
prospective basis.
"Medicare Part B Drug Average Sales Price ("ASP") Fee Schedule" means the Medicare Part B Drug Average Sales
Price ("ASP") Fee Schedule (or successor) in effect as of the date of service for the market(s) and programs covered
by the Agreement at the time the Covered Services is initiated to the Member. Medicare Part B Drug Average Sales
Price ("ASP") Fee Schedule and/or rate changes will be applied on a prospective basis.
"Washington  State  Medicaid  Rate(s)/Fee  Schedule(s)/Methodologies"  means  the  Washington  State  Medicaid
Rate(s)/Fee Schedule(s)/ in effect on the date of service for the provider type(s)/service(s) identified herein for the
applicable Medicaid Program(s).
Washington Enterprise Provider Agreement PCS Attachment
Medicaid – Behavioral Health Practitioner
© 2019 Nov – V3  Services  Washington, Inc.
47 09/28/2021

PLAN COMPENSATION SCHEDULE ("PCS") ATTACHMENT
MEDICARE ADVANTAGE
For Covered Services furnished by or on behalf of Provider for a Member enrolled in a Medicare Advantage Network,
Provider agrees to accept an amount that is the lesser of Eligible Charges or the commer Medicare Advantage
Rate, minus applicable Cost Shares, and modified before payment as described below. Provider agrees that this
amount, plus applicable Cost Shares, is full compensation for Covered Services.
The Lecce Medicare Advantage Rate" is the amount calculated based on the rate or methodology stated below
for each service, adjusted as described in the notes, and multiplied by the stated percentage.
Services
Outpatient Services Applicable Revenue Codes _ | Medicare Outpatient N/A

with Applicable Prospective Payment
CPT/HCPCS Codes System and Medicare fee
schedules multiplied by one
hundred percent (100%

When determining the amount payable to Provider, any reimbursement terms in this Agreement that are based, in
whole or in part, on Medicare rates, pricing, fee schedules, or methodologies published or established by CMS, shall
refer to the per claim payment amounts that CMS and a Medicare beneficiary would directly pay to Provider for the
same items or services under original Medicare Part A or Part B. The amount payable to Provider shall not include
any bonus payment or settlement amount paid to Provider by CMS outside of the Medicare per claim payment
process, unless otherwise set forth in the Medicare Advantage reimbursement terms of this Agreement. Unless
emma notifies Provider otherwise, in the event CMS changes payment to Provider due to a CMS directive, Act
of Congress, Executive Order, other governmental pronouncement, or Regulatory Requirement, the amount payable
to Provider hereunder will automatically be changed as soon as reasonably practicable, as described herein, in the
amount specified by CMS as a result of such directive or change in law, or in the absence of such specification, in the
same percentage amount as payment is changed by CMS to Provider.
Plan shall not compensate Provider for the bad debts of its Medicare Advantage members.
Plan and Provider shall consider Medicare interim amounts, including but not limited to, indirect medical education,
disproportionate share, outliers, per diems, percent of charge, and all-inclusive rates, as final and Plan shall not
adjust Provider's compensation through a settlement, even if Medicare adjusts its compensation to Provider based on
a settlement.
Plan shall compensate Provider using the relevant payment system logic and data (for example: calculations,
payment groupings, or federal and provider-specific factors) that are available in Plan's systems at the time Plan
processes the Provider's Claim. Plan shall not retroactively adjust Provider's compensation for previously processed
Claims to reconcile any difference with the payment system logic and data being used by Medicare on the same
processing date for the same date of service. In addition, Plan shall not retroactively adjust Provider's compensation
for previously processed claims to reflect Medicare's retroactive updates or changes to payment system logic and
data. Provider shall not request adjustments solely based on these differences, updates, or changes.
Wastin Enters roves Aoeret cs Aachen 48 rsa
© 2019 Nov —II Services III Wastington, nc.

PLAN COMPENSATION SCHEDULE ("PCS") ATTACHMENT
MEDICARE ADVANTAGE
For Covered Services furnished by or on behalf of Provider for a Member enrolled in a Medicare Advantage Network,
Provider agrees to accept an amount that is the lesser of Eligible Charges or the commer Medicare Advantage
Rate, minus applicable Cost Shares, and modified before payment as described below. Provider agrees that this
amount, plus applicable Cost Shares, is full compensation for Covered Services.
The Lecce Medicare Advantage Rate" is the amount calculated based on the rate or methodology stated below
for each service, adjusted as described in the notes, and multiplied by the stated percentage.
eee ee

Services Codes Schedule multiplied by one

hundred percent (100%
Biologicals Codes Schedule multiplied by one

hundred percent (100%
Laboratory Services Applicable CPT/HCPCS Medicare Clinical

Codes Laboratory Fee Schedule

multiplied by forty five

percent (45%
Plan shall compensate non-physician Primary Care Providers and Specialty Provider Individuals based on Medicare's
percentage adjustments to the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule for each type of Provider.
When determining the amount payable to Provider, any reimbursement terms in this Agreement that are based, in
whole or in part, on Medicare rates, pricing, fee schedules, or methodologies published or established by CMS, shall
refer to the per claim payment amounts that CMS and a Medicare beneficiary would directly pay to Provider for the
same items or services under original Medicare Part A or Part B. The amount payable to Provider shall not include
any bonus payment or settlement amount paid to Provider by CMS outside of the Medicare per claim payment
process, unless otherwise set forth in the Medicare Advantage reimbursement terms of this Agreement. Unless
mera notifies Provider otherwise, in the event CMS changes payment to Provider due to a CMS directive, Act
of Congress, Executive Order, other governmental pronouncement, or Regulatory Requirement, the amount payable
to Provider hereunder will automatically be changed as soon as reasonably practicable, as described herein, in the
amount specified by CMS as a result of such directive or change in law, or in the absence of such specification, in the
same percentage amount as payment is changed by CMS to Provider.
Plan shall not compensate Provider for the bad debts of its Medicare Advantage members.
Plan and Provider shall consider Medicare interim amounts, including but not limited to, indirect medical education,
disproportionate share, outliers, per diems, percent of charge, and all-inclusive rates, as final and Plan shall not
adjust Provider's compensation through a settlement, even if Medicare adjusts its compensation to Provider based on
a settlement.
Plan shall compensate Provider using the relevant payment system logic and data (for example: calculations,
payment groupings, or federal and provider-specific factors) that are available in Plan's systems at the time Plan
processes the Provider's Claim. Plan shall not retroactively adjust Provider's compensation for previously processed
Claims to reconcile any difference with the payment system logic and data being used by Medicare on the same
processing date for the same date of service. In addition, Plan shall not retroactively adjust Provider's compensation
for previously processed claims to reflect Medicare's retroactive updates or changes to payment system logic and
data. Provider shall not request adjustments solely based on these differences, updates, or changes.
Mite ate ata facinasaaat ‘0 —_
© 2019 Nov — Services INE Washington, Inc.
