Name according to W-9 form with d/b/a:  Hospital District No. 1
Federal Tax Identification Number: 
Name according to W-9 form with d/b/a:  District 3 of 
Federal Tax Identification Number: 
Name according to W-9 form with d/b/a:  District #4,  WA
Federal Tax Identification Number: 
 Washington, Inc.
PARTICIPATING PROVIDER AGREEMENT
For Physician,  and Facility Providers
THIS PARTICIPATING PROVIDER AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made by and
between  Washington, Inc. (" and  Hospital
District No. 1, federal tax identification number  which does business in its own
name and under the names (and at the locations) set forth on Exhibit A (" 
 District 3 of  federal tax identification number  which does
business in its own name and under the names (and at the locations) set forth on Exhibit A
("  and  District #4,  WA, federal tax identification
number  which does business in its own name and under the names (and at the
locations) set forth on Exhibit A (" (collectively,   and
 are hereinafter referred to as "Provider")("Provider"), effective  (the
"Effective Date").
RECITALS:
A.  is authorized to arrange for the provision of managed health care
services to Covered Persons in the State of Washington.
B. Provider is authorized in the State of Washington to provide Covered Services to
Covered Persons.
C.  desires that Provider provides the Covered Services
contemplated herein to Covered Persons pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement, consistent with the provisions of 42 CFR 434.6 and Provider desires to provide such
services.
AGREEMENT:
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements
contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged,  and Provider agree as follows:
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS
The following terms shall have the meanings set forth below with respect to services
furnished under the Medicaid Program, and as specifically set forth, the Medicare Program.
1.1 Agency. "Agency" means a federal, state or local agency, administration, board
or other governing body responsible for the governance or administration of a Program. With
respect to the State of Washington, as used herein, Agency also means the Washington Health
Care Authority ("HCA").
1.2 Behavioral Health Care Services. "Behavioral Health Care Services" means
services rendered for the treatment of mental health or drug and alcohol conditions.
1.3 CMS. "CMS" means the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Services, an
administrative agency within the United States Department of Health & Human Services
("HHS").
1.4 Clean Claim. "Clean Claim" means a claim that can be processed without
obtaining additional information from the provider of the service or from a third party and has
no defect or impropriety, including any lack of any required substantiating documentation, or
particular circumstances requiring special treatment that prevents timely payments from being
made on the claim.
1.5 Covered Person. "Covered Person" means a person who is an eligible Program
beneficiary and who is enrolled as an  member in accordance with applicable
Program enrollment requirements.
1.6 Covered Services. "Covered Services" means (a) health care services that HCA
determines are covered for enrollees, (b) those health care services (including Behavioral Health
Care Services) that a Covered Person is entitled to receive through  pursuant to
Regulatory Requirements, and (c) for which an Attachment A is attached hereto setting forth the
Providers' reimbursement under one or more Programs including Medicare.
1.7 Eligible Charges. "Eligible Charges" are charges for Covered Services as
submitted by Provider, subject to program eligibility, benefit design, coordination of benefits and
applicable authorizations. Eligible charges are those charges billed by the provider subject to
conditions and requirements which make the service eligible for reimbursement. Eligibility for
reimbursement of the service is dependent upon application of the following conditions and
requirements: member program eligibility, provider program eligibility, benefit coverage,
authorization requirements, provider manual guidelines,  administrative, clinical,
and reimbursement policies, and code editing logic. The allowed amount reimbursed for the
eligible charge is based on the applicable fee schedule or contracted/negotiated rate after
application of coinsurance, co-payments, deductibles, and coordination of benefits.
2
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

 will not reimburse providers for items the provider receives free of charge and
items the provider provides to the member free of charge.
1.8 EmergencyMedical Condition. "Emergency Medical Condition" meansa
medical condition manifesting itself by acute symptoms of sufficient severity (including severe
pain) that a prudent layperson, who possesses an average knowledge of health and medicine,
could reasonably expect the absence of immediate medical attention to result in placing the
health of the individual (or, with respect to a pregnant woman, the health of the woman or her
unborn child) in serious jeopardy, serious impairments of bodily functions, or serious
dysfunction of any bodily organ or part. An Emergency Medical Condition shall not be defined
on the basis of lists of diagnoses or symptoms.
1.9 Emergency Services. "Emergency Services" means inpatient and outpatient
contracted services furnished by a provider qualified to furnish the services needed to evaluate or
stabilize an emergency medical condition (42 CFR 438.114(a)).
1.10HIPAA Regulations. "HIPAA Regulations" shall mean those regulations adopted
pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and codified at Title
45 of the Code of Federal Regulations ("C.F.R.") relating to the privacy and security of protected
health information, and including, without limitation, any amendments or successor laws, rules
or regulations thereto.
1.11Medically Necessary.
(a) Definition. "Medically Necessary" means services that are "medically
necessary" as is defined in WAC  Those services, based upon generally accepted
medical practices in light of the Covered Person's condition at the time of treatment, that are:
(i) Appropriate and consistent with the diagnosis of the treating
provider and the omission of which could adversely affect the Covered Person's medical
condition;
(ii) Compatible with the standards of acceptable medical practice in
the community;
(iii)Provided in a safe, appropriate, and cost-effective setting given the
nature of the diagnosis and the severity of the symptoms;
(iv)Not provided solely for the convenience of the Covered Person or
the convenience of the provider or hospital;
(v) Not primarily custodial care unless custodial care is a Covered
Service; and
(vi)There are no other effective and more conservative or substantially
less costly treatment, service and setting available.
3
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

(vii) related to the enrollee's ability to achieve age-appropriate growth
and development.
(b) Medicare Considerations. Under the Medicare program, "Medically
Necessary" services are health care services that are:
(i) Reasonable and necessary to prevent illnesses or medical
conditions, or provide early screening, interventions, and/or treatments for conditions that cause
suffering or pain, cause physical deformity or limitations in function, threaten to cause or worsen
a handicap, cause illness or infirmity of a Covered Person, or endanger life;
(ii) Provided at appropriate facilities and at the appropriate levels of
care for the treatment of a Covered Person's health conditions;
(iii)Consistent with health care practice guidelines and standards that
are endorsed by professionally recognized health care organizations or governmental agencies;
(iv)Consistent with the diagnoses of the presenting symptoms and
conditions; and
(v) No more intrusive or restrictive than necessary to provide a proper
balance of safety, effectiveness, and efficiency.
1.12 Participating Provider. "Participating Provider" means a person, health care
provider, practitioner, or entity, acting within their scope of practice and licensure, with a written
agreement with  to provide Covered Services to Covered Persons or any other
person or entity that (a) is licensed to provide the health care services such person or entity is
providing under the laws of Washington; (b) is party to a participation agreement with
 to provide Covered Services to Covered Persons, or is an employee or
subcontractor of a Participating Provider and will be furnishing Covered Services hereunder; and
(c) is, if applicable, duly credentialed by  in accordance with 
credentialing requirements for the services the Participating Provider provides. The definition of
"Participating Provider" includes, but is not limited to, Provider.
1.13 Primary Care Provider. "Primary Care Provider" or "PCP" means a participating
provider who has the responsibility for supervising, coordinating, and providing primary health
care to enrollees, initiating referrals for specialist care, and maintaining the continuity of enrollee
care. PCPs include, but are not limited to Pediatricians, Family Practitioners, General
Practitioners, Internists, Physician Assistants (under the supervision of a physician), or Advanced
Registered Nurse Practitioners (ARNP), as designated by  The definition of
PCP is inclusive of primary care physician as it is used in 42 CFR 438. All federal requirements
applicable to primary care physicians will also be applicable to primary care providers as the
term is used herein. PCPs shall be credentialed in accordance with 
credentialing requirements for Primary Care Providers.
4
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

1.14 Primary Care Services. "Primary Care Services" means (a) those Covered
Services provided to a Covered Person involving initial and basic primary medical care,
including, but not limited to, the Covered Services specifically identified as primary care
services in an applicable Program Contract, and (b) the supervision and coordination of the
delivery of these Covered Services to a Covered Person.
1.15 Program. "Program" means a Washington Medicaid managed care program
("Medicaid"), a state or local Child Health Insurance Program ("CHIP"), a Medicare Advantage
program ("Medicare"), or any successor programs thereto, and such other federal, state or local
program related to, or administered in conjunction with, Medicare, Medicaid, or CHIP including,
without limitation, any program providing coverage for eligible family members of CHIP
beneficiaries or persons eligible for coverage under both the Medicare and Medicaid Programs,
and for which an Attachment A is incorporated into this Agreement setting forth the Providers'
reimbursement for a respective Program.
1.16 Program Contract. "Contract" means the entire written agreement between HCA
and  including any exhibits, documents, and materials incorporated by reference
or any applicable Agency of a jurisdiction, which governs the delivery of managed health care
services to Program beneficiaries.
1.17 Regulatory Requirements. "Regulatory Requirements" means any requirements
imposed by applicable federal, state or local laws, rules, regulations, a Program Contract, or
otherwise imposed by an Agency in connection with the operation of a Program or the
performance required by either party under this Agreement
ARTICLE II
 OBLIGATIONS
2.1 Identification Cards.  shall issue each Covered Person an
identification card reflecting the Covered Person's name, the Covered Person's selected Primary
Care Provider, the Covered Person's  identification number, and such other
information as required by an Agency. A sample identification card will be provided upon
request of Provider.
2.2 Provider Manual.  shall furnish Provider with a "Provider
Manual" referencing the policies and procedures established by  including,
without limitation, eligibility verification, utilization review, drug utilization, quality assurance,
member grievances, provider grievances, appeals and such other policies and procedures
applicable to  and Provider as required by Regulatory Requirements, and to
otherwise effect the delivery of managed health care services to Covered Persons hereunder.
 shall provide electronic access to its Provider Manual through
 website.  shall provide Provider with at least sixty (60) days
prior notice of any material modifications to such Provider Manual thereafter.
5
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

2.3 Policies and Procedures.  shall reference material policies and
procedures applicable to Provider in the Provider Manual. Notwithstanding the above,
 failure to include a specific policy or procedure in the Provider Manual shall
not limit the applicability of such policy and procedure to Provider; provided that
 uses its commercially reasonable efforts to notify Provider of such policy.
 shall furnish Provider with written notice of any material modifications to such
policies and procedures during the term of this Agreement, and shall respond to Provider
inquiries related to such policies and procedures in a timely manner. Provider shall comply with
all  policies and procedures communicated to Provider by 
2.4 Reports.  shall provide to Provider such utilization profiles or
other reports, if any, which  is required to provide to Provider under Regulatory
Requirements.
2.5 Provider Listing; Marketing/Advertising. For the purposes of enrolling and
referring Covered Persons, marketing, complying with Program Contract requirements, reporting
to Agencies, and otherwise carrying out the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
 shall be entitled to use the name(s), business address(es), and phone number(s)
of Provider including any individual Participating Provider employed by or under contract with
Provider to provide services hereunder.  shall, and shall be entitled to, use
information related to any such individual Participating Provider's education, specialty,
subspecialty, licensure, certification and hospital affiliation for the purposes described above.
2.6 Credentialing. Except as mutually agreed by the parties and as evidenced in
writing by an addendum to this Agreement,  shall credential Provider and all
Participating Providers providing services hereunder on behalf of Provider pursuant to
 credentialing criteria applicable to Provider and any such Participating
Providers.
2.7 Schedule of Benefits and Determination of Covered Services. 
shall provide Provider with schedules of Covered Services for applicable Programs and will notify
Provider in a timely manner of any material amendments or modifications to such schedules.
2.8 Affiliate Services.
(a) Covered Services furnished to members of certain out-of-state entities
affiliated with  including, without limitation, other  corporations
("Affiliates"), shall be paid in accordance with the rates set forth in this Agreement or such other
rates established by the Affiliate's state Program governing care to out-of-state members. Such
services will be furnished in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Provider Manual.
Notwithstanding the above, for purposes of this Section, "Affiliate Services" shall mean those
services required to be furnished to an Affiliate's members pursuant to the applicable Program in
the state in which the Affiliate is responsible for furnishing services.
6
 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

(b)  shall be responsible for coordinating between Provider and
the applicable Affiliate for any member of an Affiliate that receives services at Provider.
 shall ensure that the Affiliate adjudicates and pays for services furnished
hereunder in accordance with this Agreement.
(c) Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to make Provider a
participating provider of any Affiliate, and Provider shall not be identified as such in any Affiliate
directory of participating providers.
(d) Affiliates shall be deemed third party beneficiaries of this Section.
ARTICLE III
PROVIDER OBLIGATIONS
3.1 Provider Services. Provider shall provide to Covered Persons those Covered
Services within the scope of Provider's licensure, expertise, and usual and customary range of
services pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and shall be responsible to
 for its performance hereunder. Provider shall provide to Covered Persons
access to 24 hours a day, 7 days per week urgent and emergency services as required by
Regulatory Requirements. Provider shall release to  any information necessary
for  to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or under the Program
Contract.
3.2 Licensure and Accreditation. At all times during the term of this Agreement,
Provider shall (a) maintain in good standing all applicable licenses, certifications and
registrations required for Provider to furnish services hereunder; (b) be a certified Medicare and
certified Medicaid Provider, to the extent required under the Programs; (c) obtain and maintain
accreditation at all times during the term of this Agreement from the applicable nationally
recognized accrediting body, and (d) not be subject to any determination or action that would
adversely impact Provider's license or status as a certified Medicare and Medicaid provider.
Provider shall ensure that each of Provider's employees is duly licensed, certified or registered as
required under a Program and applicable standards of professional ethics and practice. Provider
shall notify  within three (3) business days following Provider's receipt of any
notice of any restrictions upon, or any suspension or loss of, any licensure, certification or
registration, or receipt of any notice of any restrictions, suspension or revocation of such
accreditation required hereunder. Provider shall submit to  evidence of
Provider's satisfaction of the requirements set forth in this section upon 
reasonable request. Subject to Regulatory Requirements,  has the right to
immediately terminate this Agreement upon the expiration, surrender, revocation, restriction, or
suspension of such accreditation. Provider shall obtain and maintain a National Provider
Identification number ("NPI") as required by applicable law.
3.3 CoveredPerson Verification. Provider shall establish a Covered Person's
eligibility for services prior to rendering services, except in the case of an Emergency Medical
Condition where such verification may be impractical. In the case of an Emergency Medical
7
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

Condition, Provider shall establish a Covered Person's eligibility as soon as reasonably practical.
 shall provide a system for Providers to contact  to verify
Covered Person eligibility 24 hours a day, 7 days per week. Nothing contained in this
Agreement shall, or shall be construed to, require advance notice, coverage verification, or pre-
authorization for emergency room services provided in accordance with the federal Emergency
Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act ("EMTALA") prior to Provider's rendering such
services. Nothing contained in a participating provider agreement may have the effect of
modifying benefits, terms, or conditions contained in the Program Contract. In the event of any
conflict between the participating provider agreement and the Program Contract, the benefits,
terms, and conditions of the Program Contract shall govern with respect to Covered Services
provided to Covered Persons.
3.4 Provider Responsibility.  shall not be liable for, nor will it
exercise control or direction over, the manner or method by which Provider provides services to
Covered Persons. Provider shall be solely responsible for all medical advice and services
provided by Provider to Covered Persons. Provider acknowledges and agrees that
 may deny payment for provider services rendered to a Covered Person which it
determines are not Medically Necessary, are not Covered Services pursuant to an applicable
Program Contract, or are not otherwise provided in accordance with this Agreement. Neither
such a denial nor any action taken by  pursuant to a utilization review, referral,
or discharge planning program shall operate to modify Provider's obligation to provide
appropriate services to a Covered Person under applicable law and any code of professional
responsibility. Provider may discuss treatment or non-treatment options with Covered Persons
irrespective of whether such treatment options are Covered Services.
3.5 Coordinated and Managed Care. Provider shall participate in 
systems designed to facilitate the coordination of health care services. Subject to medical
judgment, patient care interests, and a patient's express instructions, and recognizing that the
level of Covered Services provided by Provider may be affected by the Provider's scope of
services, Provider shall use best efforts to cooperate and provide clinical encounter data as
required by such systems, and shall obtain all required Covered Person consents or
authorizations necessary for Provider to report such clinical encounter data to 
3.6 Concurrent Review. Provider agrees to provide access to 
employees to review Covered Persons' medical records and perform on-site concurrent review, in
accordance with WAC 284-43-324, during normal business hours.  employees
will cooperate with the requirements of the Provider while on Provider's premises. During any
such on-site concurrent review, Provider shall provide  with access to a
telephone and appropriate work space to conduct the review.
3.7 Compliance with Credentialing, Utilization Management, Quality Assurance,
Grievance, Coordination of Benefits, Third Party Liability and other Rules, Regulations, Policies
and Procedures. Provider shall comply and cooperate with all  and Regulatory
Requirements related to credentialing, utilization management, quality assurance, grievances,
coordination of benefits, third party liability, and any applicable performance improvement
8
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

projects. Provider shall comply with the terms of the Provider Manual. Provider shall comply
with ancillary surety bond requirement (Section 4708(d) of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997).
3.8 Insurance Coverage.
(a) Professional Liability. At all times during the term of this Agreement,
Provider shall maintain professional liability insurance, including maintaining such tail or prior
acts coverage necessary to avoid any gap in coverage for claims arising from incidents occurring
during the term of this Agreement. Such insurance shall (i) be obtained from a carrier authorized
to conduct business in the jurisdiction in which Provider operates; (ii) maintain minimum policy
limits equal to $1,000,000.00 per occurrence and $3,000,000.00 in the aggregate for acute care
hospitals and $1,000,000.00 per occurrence and $3,000,000.00 in the aggregate for other
providers; and (iii) include coverage for the professional acts and omissions of Provider and any
employee, agent or other person for whose acts or omissions Provider is responsible.
(b) General Liability. At all times during the term of this Agreement,
Provider shall maintain general comprehensive liability insurance from a carrier authorized to
conduct business in the jurisdiction in which Provider operates, in amounts required under
Regulatory Requirements. Said insurance shall cover Provider's premises, insuring Provider
against any claim of loss, liability, or damage caused by or arising out of the condition or alleged
condition of said premises, or the furniture, fixtures, appliances, or equipment located therein,
together with the standard liability protection against any loss, liability or damage resulting from
the operation of a motor vehicle by Provider, Provider's employees or agents.
(c) Workers Compensation. Provider shall maintain workers' compensation
insurance for Provider's employees. Said insurance shall be obtained from a carrier authorized
to conduct business in the jurisdiction in which Provider operates and shall provide such limits of
coverage as required by Regulatory Requirements.
(d) Evidence of Insurance. Provider shall provide  with
evidence of Provider's compliance with the foregoing insurance requirements as reasonably
requested by  from time to time during the term of this Agreement, but in no
event less than annually. Provider shall provide  with at least thirty (30) days
prior written notice of any cancellation or non-renewal of any required coverage or any reduction
in the amount of Provider's coverage, and shall secure replacement coverage meeting the
requirements hereunder so as to ensure no lapse in coverage. Provider shall furnish
 with a certificate of insurance evidencing such replacement coverage. Provider
shall also furnish a certificate of insurance to a requesting Agency upon request. Provider may
maintain coverage hereunder through a self-funded insurance plan, provided that Provider
maintains actuarially sound reserves related to such self-funded plan and provides to
 on a semi-annual basis an opinion letter from an independent actuarial firm or
other proof reasonably acceptable to  attesting to the financial adequacy of such
reserves.
9
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

3.9 Contracted Provider Requirements. Unless otherwise approved by 
 Provider and its employees shall perform all the services required hereunder directly
and not pursuant to any subcontract between Provider and any other person or entity (a
"Contracted Provider"). In the event that any portion of the services that Provider is responsible
for hereunder are performed for or on behalf of Provider by a Contracted Provider, Provider shall
be responsible for ensuring that such Contracted Provider furnishes such services in compliance
with all of Provider's obligations under this Agreement, the Program Contract and in accordance
with WAC 284-43-300 including, without limitation, maintaining required insurance, and
holding Covered Persons harmless for the cost of any services or supplies provided by
Contracted Providers to such Covered Persons. This section shall not preclude Provider from
using contract nursing services or obtaining locums tenens coverage for Participating Physicians
that are on temporary leave,
In accordance with 42 C.F.R. Section 455.105, Provider further agrees to furnish to
 or to the Secretary of Health and Human Services (the "Secretary") on request,
information related to business transactions, within 35 days of the date on a request by the
Secretary or an Agency, full and complete information about:
(a) The ownership of any Contracted Provider with whom Provider has had
business transactions totaling more than $25,000 during the 12-month period ending on the date
of the request; and
(b) Any significant business transactions between Provider and any wholly
owned supplier, or between Provider and any Contracted Provider, during the 5-year period
ending on the date of the request.
3.10Proprietary Information; Confidentiality
(a) The parties acknowledge and agree that all the following information is
proprietary:  quality assurance, utilization management, risk management and
peer review programs;  credentialing procedures; this Agreement, including the
rates of reimbursement payable under this Agreement;  Provider Manual;
information related to  programs, policies, protocols and procedures, and all
information otherwise furnished to Provider by  as a result of this Agreement.
The parties agree not to use such proprietary information except for the purpose of carrying out
their obligations under this Agreement. Neither party shall disclose any proprietary information
to any person or entity without the other party's express written consent except to the extent such
information is available in the public domain or was acquired by such party from a third party
not bound to preserve the confidentiality of such information or unless required by law.
(b) Provider and  shall each treat all information which is
obtained through its respective performance under the Agreement as confidential information to
the extent that confidential treatment is required under applicable law and regulations, including
without limitation 42 C.F.R. 422.118 and 45 C.F.R. Parts 160 and 164, as may be amended
from time to time, and shall not use any information so obtained in any manner except as
10
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

necessary to the proper discharge of its obligations and securing of its rights hereunder. Provider
and  shall each have a system in effect to protect all records and all other
documents deemed confidential by law which are maintained in connection with the respective
activities of Provider or  and performed in connection with this Agreement. Any
disclosure or transfer of confidential information by Provider or  will be in
accordance with applicable law.
3.11Representations and Warranties.
(a) Provider Status. Provider hereby represents and warrants that Provider: (i)
has the power and authority to enter into this Agreement; (ii) is legally organized and operated to
provide the services contemplated hereunder; (iii) is not in violation of any licensure or
accreditation requirement applicable to Provider under law, Program Contract or Agency rules;
(iv) is in good standing with HCA; (v) has not been convicted of bribery or attempted bribery of
any official or employee of the jurisdiction in which Provider operates, nor made an admission of
guilt of such conduct which is a matter of record; (vi) is capable of providing all data related to
the services provided hereunder in a timely manner as reasonably required by  to
satisfy Regulatory Requirements, including, without limitation, data required under the Health
Employer Data and Information Set and National Committee for Quality Assurance
requirements; and (vii) qualifies as a participating provider in all Programs in accordance with
the applicable Regulatory Requirements.
(b) Provider Information and Documentation. Provider represents and
warrants that all information provided by Provider to  including without
limitation, information relating to insurance coverage, quality assurance, credentialing, change of
ownership of Provider and availability of medical care by Provider to Covered Persons, is true
and correct as of the date such information is furnished, and Provider is unaware of any
undisclosed facts or circumstances that would make such information inaccurate or misleading.
Provider shall provide  with written notice of any changes to such information
within five (5) business days of such change.
(c)  Status.  hereby represents and warrants
that  (i) has the power and authority to enter into this Agreement; (ii) is not in
violation of any licensure or accreditation requirement applicable to  under
Regulatory Requirements; (iii) has not been convicted of bribery or attempted bribery of any
official or employee of the jurisdiction in which  operates, nor made an
admission of guilt of such conduct which is a matter of record; (iv) qualifies to participate in a
Program as of the date on which Provider may furnish Covered Services hereunder for such
Program; and (v) is not, to  best knowledge, the subject of an inquiry or
investigation that could foreseeably result in  failing to comply with the
representations in subsections (i) - (iv) above.
3.12Reporting Fraud and Abuse. Provider shall cooperate with 
anti-fraud compliance program. If Provider identifies any actual or suspected fraud, abuse or
misconduct in connection with the services rendered hereunder, in violation of state or federal
11
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

law, Provider immediately shall report such activity directly to  in accordance
with the Provider Manual. Provider shall comply with HCA approved fraud and abuse policies
and procedures.
3.13Conformance with Law. Without limiting the applicability of, any other sanctions
and penalties that may be applicable for Provider's failure to conform with such federal, state
and local laws, rules and regulations, Provider acknowledges and agrees that, in connection with
the Medicare Program, Provider's failure to report potential fraud or abuse to CMS may result in
sanctions, cancellation of contract, or exclusion from participation in the Medicare Program.
Provider agrees to comply with all state and federal laws, rules and regulations that apply to all
persons receiving state and federal funds, including without limitation, all applicable Medicare
laws, rules and regulations and all CMS instructions.
3.14Provision of Non-Covered Services. Except in the case of an Emergency Medical
Condition, prior to the provision of any services to a Covered Person that are not Covered
Services, Provider (a) shall advise the Covered Person, in writing, (i) of the nature of the service;
(ii) that the service is not a Covered Service for which compensation is payable hereunder; and
(iii) that the Covered Person will be responsible for paying for the service; and (b) shall
otherwise comply with all Regulatory Requirements related to the provision of non-covered
services to Covered Persons.
3.15Provider Disclosures.
(a) Disclosures of Ownership and Control. In accordance with Regulatory
Requirements, Provider shall disclose its information on ownership and control to HCA in the
following circumstances:
(1) upon contract execution, upon request during the re-validation of
enrollment process, and within thirty-five (35) business days after any change in ownership of
Provider;
(2) the name and address of any person (individual or corporation)
with an ownership or control interest in Provider;
(3) if Provider is a corporate entity, the disclosure must include
primary business address, every business location, and P.O. box address;
(4) if Provider has corporate ownership, the tax identification number
of the corporate owner(s);
(5) if Provider is an individual, date of birth and Social Security
Number;
(6) if Provider has a five percent (5%) ownership interest in any of its
subcontractors, the tax identification number of the subcontractor(s);
12
Snoqualmis 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

(7) whether any person with an ownership or control interest in
Provider is related by marriage or blood as a spouse, parent, child, or sibling to any other person
with an ownership or control interest in Provider;
(8) if Provider has a five percent (5%) ownership interest in any of its
subcontractors, whether any person with an ownership or control interest in such subcontractor is
related by marriage or blood as a spouse, parent, child, or sibling to any other person with an
ownership or control interest in Provider.
(9) whether any person with an ownership or control interest in
Provider also has an ownership or control interest in any other Medicaid provider, in the state's
fiscal provider or in any managed care entity.
(b) Disclosures of Information on Persons Convicted of Crimes. In
accordance with Regulatory Requirements, Provider shall disclose investigate and disclose to
HCA and  upon contract execution or renewal, and upon request of HCA or
 the identity of any person who has been convicted of a criminal offense related
to that person's involvement in any program under Medicare, Medicaid, or the title XX services
program since the inception of those programs and who is:
(1) A person who has an ownership or control interest in the Provider.
(2) An agent or person who has been delegated the authority to
obligate or act on behalf of Provider.
(3) An agent, managing employee, general manager, business
manager, administrator, director, or other individual who exercises operational or managerial
control over, or who directly or indirectly conducts the day-to-day operation of, the Provider.
ARTICLE IV
REIMBURSEMENT
4.1 Claims Submission. Except to the extent Provider is compensated on a capitation
basis under this Agreement, Provider shall submit claims on either a current CMS-1500 claim
form for professional claims or a CMS-1450 claim form for institutional claims (or successor
forms), or the electronic equivalent in the manner and to the location described in the Provider
Manual. Provider is encouraged to submit claims information through electronic data
interchange ("EDI") that allows for automated processing and adjudication of claims. As
 continues to develop electronic interface systems for registration, eligibility and
benefit verification and claims processing, Provider will use such electronic interface systems.
Provider must use HIPAA compliant billing codes when billing or submitting encounter
data. This applies to both electronic and paper claims. When billing codes are updated, Provider
is required to use appropriate replacement codes for submitted claims for Covered Services. In
its discretion,  may amend the Agreement as it deems necessary to clarify
13
Morion-Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

changes to standard billing codes. Regardless of whether  so amends the
Agreement,  shall not pay any claims submitted using non-compliant billing
codes.
Claims must be submitted within three hundred sixty five (365) days following the date
service is rendered. Claims not received by  from Provider within such period
may be denied payment.  will not deny Clean Claims for payment solely due to
these claims being received after three hundred sixty five (365) days from the date services were
rendered in the event that Provider was unable to determine that the patient was an
 Covered Person, and where Provider timely filed such claim with another
payor. In such event, Provider shall have three hundred sixty five (365) days to resubmit such
claim to  from the date Provider receives a denial from the payor to which
Provider originally submitted the claim. Such submission shall include proof of timely filing,
and denial by, such other payor.
4.2 Reimbursement, As payment in full for Covered Services provided to Covered
Persons hereunder,  shall pay to Provider the reimbursement specifically set
forth in each Attachment A applicable to   and  The parties
agree that each of   and  respectively, shall bill
 for the Covered Services it provides to Covered Persons and 
shall reimburse each of   and  as appropriate in accordance with
each Attachment A applicable to   or  provided, however, that
only one of   and  shall be entitled to bill for each Covered
Service provided to a Covered Person. Notwithstanding any provision contained in this
Agreement, to the extent  has paid one of   or 
for a Covered Service, such payment shall satisfy in full  obligation to each of
  and  with regard to such Covered Service and in no event shall
 be liable in connection with such Covered Service for any additional amounts to
any party.   and  shall jointly and severally indemnify and hold
harmless  from and against any claims, demands, obligations and liabilities,
including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, for or in connection with any such additional
amounts. Reimbursement for Clean Claims shall be made in accordance with all prompt pay
requirements as established under applicable law. Ninety-five percent (95%) of the monthly
volume of clean claims shall be paid within thirty (30) days of receipt by  and
ninety-five percent (95%) of the monthly volume of all claims shall be paid or denied within
sixty (60) days of receipt and ninety-nine percent (99%) within (90) calendar days of receipt by
 except as agreed to in writing by the parties on a claim-by-claim basis.
Provider agrees to accept payments or appropriate denials made in accordance with this
Agreement as payment in full for all Covered Services provided to Covered Persons. Provider
shall be responsible for collecting co-payments from Covered Persons to the extent required by
Regulatory Requirements.
With respect to Medicaid Covered Services,  shall pay Provider interest
at the rate of one (1) percent per month, as set forth in WAC 284-43-321(2)(d), which section
may be amended or recodified from time to time, on the unpaid portion of Medicaid Clean
14
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement V4
Revised 

Claims not adjudicated within such period as required under applicable prompt pay
requirements. With respect to Medicare Covered Services,  shall pay Provider
interest at a rate equal to the CMS interest rate in effect at the time of such charge.
 will update the CMS interest rate applicable to this Agreement on a prospective
basis within thirty (30) days following its publication in the Federal Register.
 reserves the right to conduct chart review upon reasonable notice to
Provider in order to determine the appropriateness of services and/or charges on a specific claim.
In accordance with WAC 284-43-324(3), Provider shall be granted similar rights to review
 denials of specific claims.  reserves the right to use a code-
editing software to determine which services are considered part of, incidental to, or inclusive of
the primary procedure.
4.3 Capitation of Contracted Providers: Encounter Data Requirements. If Provider is
compensated for services provided hereunder on a capitated basis, Provider shall:
(a) Arrange and coordinate all capitated Covered Services for Covered
Persons assigned to Provider or one of Provider's Participating Physicians for such capitated
Covered Services;
(b) Accept the capitation payment payable hereunder as payment in full for all
such capitated Covered Services provided to such Covered Persons; and
(c) Timely submit complete encounter data for capitated services rendered to
Covered Persons, including, without limitation, statistical and descriptive medical, diagnostic
and patient data for Covered Services rendered to Covered Persons, and reporting requirements
included in applicable Program Contracts. Provider shall completely and accurately report
encounter data to  Provider shall ensure that it has the capacity to submit all
required data to enable  to meet the reporting requirements in the Encounter
Data Transaction Guide published by HCA.
(d) If Provider is not compensated on a capitation basis, the Provider shall be
compensated as stated in Section 4.2 above.
4.4 Financial Incentives. No provision in this Agreement shall, or shall be construed
to, create any incentive, financial or otherwise, for Provider to withhold Medically Necessary
services.
4.5 Recoveries from Third Parties. Provider acknowledges and agrees that claims
payments made by  pursuant to Program requirements are subject to Program
requirements regarding third party liability. Provider shall cooperate with 
policies and procedures related to third party liability recovery in the event claims for services
rendered by Provider to a Covered Person are related to an illness or injury for which a third
party may be liable, including, without limitation, claims that may be covered by automobile
insurance, workers' compensation coverage, other health insurance, or otherwise give rise to a
15
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

claim for third party liability, coordination of benefits or subrogation (to the extent permitted by
Regulatory Requirements). Provider shall take all reasonable actions required by
 to assist  in obtaining such recoveries, including executing any
appropriate documents reasonably requested by  to enforce such claims or to
assign any payments to  However Provider and  shall not
refuse or reduce services provided under this agreement solely due to the existence of similar
benefits under any other health care contract. In addition  shall pay claims for
prenatal care and preventive pediatric care and shall seek reimbursement from such third parties.
4.6 Right of Refund/Request for Additional Payments.  shall be
entitled to request a refund in an amount equal to any overpayments made by  to
Provider_provided that any refund requests by  shall be made in conformance
with RCW 48.43.600 timelines for notice and objection, as such section may be amended or
recodified from time to time. Upon determination that an overpayment is due from Provider to
 shall first give Provider notice of overpayment and request
reimbursement via check for such an overpayment. If Provider fails to contest the request in
writing within thirty (30) days following the date of Provider's receipt of such notice, the request
is deemed accepted. Provider then must submit a check to  for such
overpayment, or  shall be entitled to offset such overpayment against other
amounts due and payable by  to Provider. Except in the case of fraud by the
Provider, payments made by  shall be considered final and not subject to adjustment
twenty-four (24) months after such payment is received by Provider.
If Provider determines that  has made an underpayment to Provider for
Covered Services rendered to a Covered Person, Provider shall make a written request for
additional payment from  only in accordance with RCW 48.43.605, as such
section may be amended or recodified from time to time. Such written request must specify the
reasons for such underpayment request and must be submitted within twenty-four (24) months
after the date that the claim was denied by  or payment intended to satisfy the
claim was made by 
4.7 Provider-Preventable Conditions.Provider understands and agrees that no
payment will be made to Provider by  for any provider-preventable conditions
which have been identified by an applicable Agency/Program or pursuant to Regulatory
Requirements. In addition, Provider shall identify provider-preventable conditions that are
associated with claims for services provided under a Program hereunder or with courses of
treatment furnished to Covered Persons for which payment under a Program would otherwise be
available.
ARTICLE V
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO PHYSICIAN,
 AND FACILITY PROVIDERS
5.1 Primary Care Provider Services. If Provider is furnishing Primary Care Services
under this Agreement, Provider shall, and shall cause the Primary Care Providers employed by or
under contract with Provider to, accept as patients all Covered Persons who are eligible and have
16
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

chosen a Primary Care Physician with an open panel to receive their Primary Care Services from
Provider or a Primary Care Provider employed by or under contract with Provider. Provider
further agrees to provide, or to arrange for the provision of, appropriate Primary Care Services to
such Covered Persons. Provider and any Primary Care Providers employed by or under contract
with Provider, shall refer Covered Persons to Specialist Physicians only in accordance with
procedures established by 
5.2 Specialist Physician Services. If Provider is furnishing Specialist Physician
services under this Agreement, Provider, and the Specialist Physicians employed by or under
contract with Provider, shall accept as patients all Covered Persons who are referred by Primary
Care Providers to Provider. Provider shall provide, or arrange for the provision of, appropriate
Specialist Physician Covered Services (as may be more specifically described in Attachment A
to this Agreement). Provider and any Specialist Physicians employed by or under contract with
Provider, shall refer Covered Persons to other Specialist Physicians only in accordance with
procedures established by 
5.3 Hospital Affiliation and Privileges. Provider, in the case of a solo provider, or
any providers employed by or under contract with Provider, in the case of a group provider, shall
maintain in effect privileges to practice at one or more Participating Hospitals. Provider shall
immediately notify  in the event any such hospital privileges are revoked,
limited, surrendered, or suspended at any hospital or health care facility.
5.4 Participating Provider Requirements. If Provider is a group provider, Provider
shall cause all Participating Providers employed by or under contract with Provider to comply
with all terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Provider
acknowledges and agrees that  is not obligated to accept as Participating
Providers all providers employed by or under contract with Provider.
5.5 Federally Qualified Health Centers. If Provider is a federally qualified health
center ("FQHC") or a rural health center ("  as defined under applicable federal law,
Provider shall comply with all requirements related to FQHCs and RHCs under Regulatory
Requirements including, without limitation, compliance with the service quality standards
required in connection with current and future clinical quality reporting methods that are
applicable to FQHCs and administered by federal oversight agencies.
5.6 Post-Stabilization. Provider shall comply with all applicable law related to the
post-stabilization care of a Covered Person after an Emergency Medical Condition has been
stabilized.
5.7 Automatic Termination: Automatic Exclusion.
(a) Automatic Termination. If Provider is an individual Provider, in addition
to the other termination provisions set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall
automatically and immediately terminate upon the expiration, surrender, revocation or restriction
17
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

of Provider's medical staff privileges at any one or more Participating Hospitals or if Provider
fails to maintain active staff privileges with respect to at least one (1) Participating Hospital.
If Provider is a group medical practice, in addition to the other termination
provisions set forth in this Agreement, this Agreement shall automatically and immediately
terminate only with regard to the individual Participating Provider who is subject to the
expiration, surrender, revocation, restriction or suspension of the Provider's medical staff
privileges at any one or more Participating Hospitals, or if Provider fails to maintain active staff
privileges with respect to at least one Participating Hospital.
(b) Automatic Exclusion. If Provider is a group provider, then upon the
occurrence of any of the actions described in subparagraph (a) above related to the medical staff
privileges of an individual Participating Provider employed by or contracted with Provider,
 shall be entitled to exclude such Participating Provider from participation under
this Agreement.
5.8 Exclusion of Individual Participating Providers. Notwithstanding any other
provision contained in this Agreement,  shall be entitled to exclude from
participation under this Agreement an individual Participating Provider employed by or
contracted with Provider, for any of the reasons included in, and in accordance with the terms
and conditions of, the termination provisions otherwise included in the Agreement. In the event
of such exclusion, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect as to all other
Participating Providers employed by or contracted with Provider who are not so excluded.
5.9 Effect of Termination or Exclusion of Specialist Physicians. In the event any
Specialist Physicians employed by or under contract with Provider are excluded from
participation under this Agreement, or in the event that Provider is a Specialist Physician, if this
Agreement is terminated for any reason,  shall notify all affected Covered
Persons under treatment by such Specialist Physician of such termination prior to the effective
date of such termination.
5.10 Provider's Obligations in Case of Emergency Medical Condition Affecting
Covered Person.
(a) Provider shall render timely and appropriate Medically Necessary services
to treat an Emergency Medical Condition affecting a Covered Person, and shall comply with all
applicable law related to the post-stabilization care of a Covered Person after an Emergency
Medical Condition has been stabilized. Provider shall use its best efforts to notify
 at the time of eligibility verification or by the end of the next business day after
admission and identification of a Covered Person as an inpatient, or after rendition of emergency
outpatient Covered Services to a Covered Person. Notwithstanding any provision contained in
this Agreement, no notification to, or coverage verification or pre-authorization from,
 is required prior to Provider rendering Emergency Services to a Covered
Person.
18
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement V4
Revised 

(b) If Emergency Services are required for an Emergency Medical Condition
affecting a Covered Person and such Covered Person's condition cannot be treated at Provider's
facilities, or if no Participating Specialist Physician with hospital privileges at Provider's facility
is available to treat the Covered Person at Provider's facility, Provider shall arrange for the
services of an alternate Participating Hospital, or, as applicable, the services of an alternate
Participating Specialist Physician; provided, however, that in the event obtaining the services of
an alternate Participating Hospital or an alternate Participating Specialist Physician is
impractical, Provider shall arrange for the services by an appropriate non-participating hospital
or, as applicable, an appropriate non-participating specialist physician.
5.11Claim Submission for Facilities. In addition to the other requirements described
in this Agreement related to Provider's claim submission, for inpatient lengths of stay in excess
of thirty (30) days, Provider, at its discretion, may provide  with interim claims
within ten (10) days after the end of the initial thirty (30) day period or any successive thirty (30)
day period thereafter.
5.12 Physician Privileges. Subject to Provider's medical staff approval for privileges,
Provider shall grant admitting and attending privileges to  Participating
Physicians who satisfy Provider's credentialing criteria.
ARTICLE VI
COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
6.1 Compliance with Regulatory Requirements.  and Provider shall
comply with all applicable Regulatory Requirements related to this Agreement. The failure
of this Agreement to expressly reference a Regulatory Requirement applicable to either party in
connection with their duties and responsibilities hereunder shall in no way limit such party's
obligation to comply with such Regulatory Requirement.
6.2 Hold Harmless. Provider agrees to abide by the provisions of WAC 182-502-160,
and agrees that in no event, including, but not limited to non-payment by 
 insolvency, or breach of this Agreement, shall Provider bill, charge, collect a
deposit from, seek compensation, remuneration, or reimbursement from or have any recourse
against a Covered Person, any person acting on behalf of a Covered Person, or HCA for services
provided pursuant to this Agreement and Provider shall accept payment from  as
payment in full. This provision shall not prohibit collection of nominal cost-sharing or
supplemental charges made in accordance with the terms of applicable Program Contracts or
Agency requirements. Provider further agrees that this section shall survive the termination of
this Agreement regardless of the cause giving rise to such termination and shall be construed to
be for the benefit of Covered Person, and that this provision supersedes any oral or written
contrary agreement now existing or hereafter entered into between Provider and a Covered
Person or persons acting on such Covered Person's behalf. Provider agrees and understands that
willfully collecting or attempting to collect an amount from a covered person knowing that
collection to be in violation of the participating provider or facility contract constitutes a class C
felony under RCW 48.80.030(5). Provider agrees, in the event of  insolvency,
19
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

to continue to provide the services promised in this Agreement to Covered Persons of
 for the duration of the period for which premiums on behalf of the Covered
Person were paid to provider or until the Covered Person's discharge from inpatient facilities,
whichever time is greater. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, nothing in
this Agreement shall be construed to modify the rights and benefits contained in the Covered
Person's health plan. Provider may not bill the Covered Person for Covered Services (except for
deductibles, copayments, or coinsurance) where  denies payments because the
provider has failed to comply with the terms or conditions of this Agreement. Provider further
agrees (i) that the provisions of WAC 284-43-320(a), (b), (c), and (d) shall survive termination of
this contract regardless of the cause giving rise to termination and shall be construed to be for the
benefit of provider's Covered Persons, and (ii) that this provision supersedes any oral or written
contrary agreement now existing or hereafter entered into between provider and Covered Persons
or persons acting on their behalf. If provider agreements with other providers who agree to
provide Covered Services to Covered Persons of  with the expectation of
receiving payment directly or indirectly from  such providers must agree to
abide by the provisions of WAC 284-43-320 (a), (b), (c), (d), and (e).
Documents, procedures, and other administrative policies and programs referenced in the
Program Contract must be available for review by the Provider prior to contracting. Providers
must be given reasonable notice of not less than sixty (60) days of changes that affect provider
compensation and that affect health care service delivery unless changes to federal or state law or
regulations make such advance notice impossible, in which case notice shall be provided as soon
as possible.
Pursuant to 42 C.F.R. $422.504(i)(3)(g)(1), Provider agrees to hold harmless all
Medicare-eligible Covered Persons and look solely to  for the payment of any
compensation due from  to Provider. In accordance with 422.504(g)(1)(i) and
422.504(i)(3)(i), Provider shall not hold any enrollee liable for payment of any fees that are the
legal obligation of 
6.3 Compliance with Program Contract. Nothing in this Agreement shallbe
construed to terminate or reduce the legal responsibility of  to state Agency to
ensure that all activities under Program Contract are carried out.  shall afford
Provider access to all necessary training and information to enable Provider to carry out its
responsibilities under the Program Contract.
6.4 Medicare Co-payments and Deductibles; Limitations of Billing.
(a) In connection with the Medicare Program, applicable co-payments and
deductibles as permitted under the Medicare Program and set forth in the 
Provider Manual or in the schedule of benefits for the Medicare Program are the only amounts
that Provider may collect from a Medicare-eligible Covered Person in connection with Covered
Services. Provider acknowledges that Medicaid cost-sharing requirements may preclude
Provider's collection of co-payments or deductibles from dual eligible Medicare and Medicaid
Covered Persons,
20
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 6+1-16

(b) Provider shall be responsible for collecting any known and applicable
Medicare Program co-payments or deductibles in accordance with the policies and procedures
set forth in the  Provider Manual.
(c) Provider understands that if Provider initiates any actions to collect
payment from any Medicare-eligible Covered Person over and above allowable co-payments,
excluding payment for services not covered under the Medicare Program,  will
initiate and maintain such necessary action to stop Provider or Provider's employee, agent,
assign, trustee, or successor in interest from maintaining such action against such Medicare-
eligible Covered Person.
(d) Covered Persons eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid will not be held
liable for Medicare Part A and B cost sharing when the State of Washington is responsible for
paying such amounts.  will not impose cost-sharing that exceeds the amount of
cost-sharing that would be permitted with respect to the member under title XIX if the member
were not enrolled in such a plan. The provider will accept  payment as
payment in full or bill the appropriate State source, as appropriate.
6.5 Appointment Waiting Times. Provider shall offer hours of operation that are no
less than the hours of operation offered to patients with other insurance coverage, including but
not limited to commercial health plans. If Provider is a primary care physician, Provider is
encouraged to offer after-hours office care to Covered Persons on evenings and weekends.
Provider agrees that it will provide for regular monitoring of timely access and corrective action
by  if Provider fails to comply with the appointment wait time standards as
stated in 42 CFR 438.206(c)(1). Provider shall comply with 42 CFR 438.206(c)(1). Provider
shall comply with appointment standards that are no longer than the following: (a) Transitional
healthcare services by a primary care provider shall be available for clinical assessment and care
planning within seven (7) calendar days of discharge from inpatient or institutional care for
physical or behavioral health disorders or discharge from a substance use disorder treatment
program; (b) Transitional healthcare services by a home care nurse or home care registered
counselor within seven (7) calendar days of discharge from inpatient or institutional care for
physical or behavioral health disorders or discharge from a substance use disorder treatment
program, if ordered by the enrollee's primary care provider or as part of the discharge plan; (c)
Non-symptomatic (i.e., preventive care) office visits shall be available from the Covered
Person's PCP or another provider within thirty (30) calendar days. A non-symptomatic office
visit may include, but is not limited to, well/preventive care such as physical examinations,
annual gynecological examinations, or child and adult immunizations; (d) Non-urgent,
symptomatic (i.e., routine care) office visits shall be available from the Covered Person's PCP or
another provider within ten (10) calendar days. A non-urgent, symptomatic office visit is
associated with the presentation of medical signs not requiring immediate attention; (e) Urgent,
symptomatic office visits shall be available from the Covered Person's PCP or another provider
within twenty-four (24) hours. An urgent, symptomatic visit is associated with the presentation
ofmedical signs that require immediate attention, but are not life threatening; and (f) Emergency
medical care shall be available twenty-four (24) hours per day, seven (7) days per week.
21
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

6.6 Non-Discrimination. Provider shall abide by the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964,
the Federal Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and all other applicable statutes, regulations and orders
(including, without limitation, Executive Orders 11246 and 11375, "Equal Employment
Opportunities") as amended, and any and all successor statutes, regulations and related orders.
Provider shall not exclude any Covered Person from participation in any aid, care, service or
other benefit, or deny any Covered Person such services on the grounds of race, color, national
origin, sex, age, disability, political beliefs or religion. Provider shall not subject any Covered
Person to discrimination due to such Covered Person's status as a Program Contract beneficiary.
 is responsible for ensuring that providers furnish Covered Services to Covered
Persons without regard to the Covered Person's enrollment in the plan as a private purchaser of
the plan or as a participant in publicly financed programs of health care services. This
requirement does not apply to circumstances when the provider should not render services due to
limitations arising from lack of training, experience, skill, or licensing restrictions.
6.7 Transfers of Covered Persons. Without otherwise limiting 
rights pursuant to this Agreement, upon  determination made in good faith and
with reasonable belief that a Covered Person's health or safety is in jeopardy, 
may require that such Covered Person be transferred immediately for care to another provider at
 direction, and Provider shall fully cooperate with any such transfer
requirement.
6.8 Prohibited Practices. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as prohibiting
any Participating Provider from:
(a) Discussing treatment or non-treatment options with Covered Persons
irrespective of  position on such treatment or non-treatment options or whether
such treatment options are Covered Services;
(b) Acting within the lawful scope of such provider's practice, advising or
advocating on behalf of a Covered Person for such Covered Person's health status, medical care,
or treatment or non-treatment options, including any alternative treatments that might be self-
administered by the Covered Person;
(c) Advocating on behalf of a Covered Person within the utilization review or
grievance processes established by  or individual authorization process to obtain
Medically Necessary Covered Services; or
(d) Discouraging Covered Persons or those paying for their coverage from
discussing the comparative merits of different health carriers with their providers. This
prohibition specifically includes prohibiting or limiting providers participating in those
discussions even if critical of a carrier.
6.9 Authorizations. Provider shall comply with  preauthorization
and authorization processes and procedures applicable to Provider as more fully set forth in the
Provider Manual.
22
 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

6.10 Non-Discrimination Against Participating Providers. Neither 
nor Provider shall discriminate with respect to participation, reimbursement, or indemnification
as to any provider who is acting within the scope of such provider's license or certification under
applicable State law, solely on the basis of such license or certification. This requirement shall
not be construed as an "any willing provider" law, and  may limit provider
participation to the extent necessary to meet the needs of Covered Persons or to establish any
measures designed to maintain quality and control costs. Neither  nor Provider
shall discriminate against providers serving high-risk populations or those that specialize in
conditions requiring costly treatments.
6.11 Cultural Competency Plan. Provider shall participate with the State's efforts to
promote the delivery of services in a culturally competent manner to all Covered Persons,
including those with limited English proficiency and diverse cultural ethnic backgrounds. To
that end, Provider shall use best efforts to comply with all known  policies and
procedures designed to ensure that culturally competent services, including but not limited to
effective, equitable, understandable, and respectful quality care and services that are responsive
to diverse cultural health beliefs and practices, preferred languages, health literacy, and other
communication needs, are provided by  both directly and through its health
care providers and subcontractors.
6.12 Marketing. Provider shall not engage in any marketing activities to Covered
Persons, for or on behalf of  except in accordance with Regulatory
Requirements. Specifically, Provider shall not distribute any marketing materials to Covered
Persons or in connection with  services unless such materials are first submitted
by Provider to  and  submits such materials to HCA for
approval.
6.13Compliance with Federal Regulations. and Provider
acknowledge and agree that the services provided hereunder are subject to federal regulations
governing operation of a Medicaid managed care program. In connection therewith, the parties
agree to comply with all applicable requirements of 42 C.F.R. Part 434 and 42 C.F.R. Section
438.6 as they pertain to the subject matter of this Agreement.
6.14Employed or Contracted Individuals. In no event shall Provider employ or
subcontract any responsibilities hereunder to any individual who has been excluded from
participation under any federal or state health benefits program, including without limitation the
Medicaid or Medicare programs.
6.15Prohibited Referrals. In accordance with federal and state law, Provider is
prohibited from referring any Covered Persons for designated health services to any entity in
which Provider, or a member of Provider's immediate family, has a financial relationship.
6.16Cooperation upon Transfers of Members. Provider agrees to fully cooperate with
 and with providers of other health plans in connection with any transition of
23
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

care of a Covered Person to another provider so as to assure maximum health outcomes for any
such Covered Person.
6.17Reporting Requirements.
(a) In accordance with 42 C.F.R. 422.504(i);  and Provider
expressly agree in each case as permitted by law:
(i) HHS, the Comptroller General of HHS (the "Comptroller
General") or their designees, may audit, evaluate, or inspect any books, contracts, medical
records, patient care documentation, and all other records of  and Provider, as
well as their related entities, contractors, subcontractors or transferees, that pertain to any aspect
of the services performed under this Agreement, reconciliation of benefit liabilities, and
determination of amounts payable under this Agreement, or as the Secretary of HHS (the
"Secretary") may deem necessary to enforce this Agreement.
(ii)  and Provider each agree to make available, for the
purposes specified in 42 C.F.R. 422.504(d), (e), their respective premises, physical facilities
and equipment, records relating to Covered Persons and any additional relevant information that
CMS may require.
(iii)HHS, the Comptroller General, or their designees' right to inspect,
evaluate and audit shall extend through ten (10) years from the final date of the Medicare
Program contract or the completion of a final audit by CMS related to same, whichever is later,
unless CMS determines there is a special need to retain a particular record or group of records
for a longer period and so notifies  at least thirty (30) days prior to the normal
disposition date, or CMS determines there is a reasonable possibility of fraud.
(b) In accordance with 42 C.F.R. 422.504(a)(8), Provider shall comply with
reporting requirements in 42 C.F.R. $422.516 and the requirements in 42 C.F.R. 422.310 for
submitting data to CMS.
6.18 Delegation. In accordance with 42 C.F.R. $422.504(i)(3)(iii), any services or
other activity performed by a related entity, contractor, subcontractor, or first-tier or downstream
entity of Provider in accordance with a contract or written agreement shall be consistent and
comply with  contractual obligations with CMS. Provider shall comply with
the requirements of 42 C.F.R. 422.504(i)(4) if any of  activities or
responsibilities under its contract with CMS are delegated to other parties. Delegated activities
shall be documented and agreed upon between  and Provider.
6.19 Accountability. In accordance with 42 C.F.R. $422.504(i)(3)(ii), Provider may
only delegate activities or functions to a provider, related entity, contractor, or subcontractor in a
manner consistent with the requirements set forth in 42 C.F.R. $422.504(i)(4). In accordance
with 42 C.F.R. 422.504(i),  shall oversee and be ultimately responsible to CMS
for all responsibilities described in this Agreement.
24
 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

6.20 Laboratory Compliance. Provider shall comply with all requirements of the
Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act ("CLIA"), regulations promulgated thereunder and any
amendments and successor statutes and regulations thereto. Upon execution of this Agreement,
Provider shall furnish written verification to  that Provider's laboratory facilities,
if any, and those with which it conducts business related to Covered Persons, have appropriate
CLIA certification of registration or waiver and a CLIA identification number. Provider shall
notify  in writing of any changes in Provider's CLIA certification status or the
certification status of any laboratory facilities with which Provider conducts business related to
Covered Persons within five (5) business days of any such changes.
6.21Right to Review Records/Availability of Records.
(a) In addition to and without limiting any audit rights otherwise set forth in
the Agreement and immediate access for Medicaid fraud investigators, Provider agrees that
agents and employees of HCA and HHS shall have the right to inspect, evaluate and audit any
pertinent books, financial records, documents, papers, and records of Provider involving
financial transactions related to a Program Contract. HCA representatives and authorized federal
and state personnel including, but not limited to the Office of the Inspector General (OIG), the
Medicaid Fraud Control Unit (MFCU), HHS, the Department of Justice (DOJ), the Comptroller
of the Treasury and any other duly authorized state or federal agency, shall have immediate and
complete access to all records pertaining to services provided to Covered Persons.
(b) Provider shall make all records, including, but not limited to, financial,
administrative and medical records available at Provider's expense, including computerized data
stored by Provider, to any duly authorized government agency, including, but not limited to,
HCA, CMS, OIG, MFCU, HHS, DOJ and the Office of the Comptroller of the Treasury, upon
any authorized government agency's request for administrative, civil and/or criminal review,
audit, evaluation, inspection, investigation and/or prosecution HCA, CMS, OIG, MFCU, HHS,
DOJ and the Office of the Comptroller of the Treasury, as well as any authorized state or federal
agency or entity shall have the right to evaluate through inspection, evaluation, review or
request, whether announced or unannounced, or other means, any record pertinent to this
Agreement, including but not limited to medical records, billing records, financial records,
and/or any records related to services rendered, quality, appropriateness and timeliness of
services and/or any records relevant to an administrative, civil and/or criminal investigation
and/or prosecution, and such evaluation, inspection, review or request, when performed or
requested, shall be performed with the immediate cooperation of the Provider. Requested
records shall be provided at no expense to Agency personnel, including representatives from
HCA, OIG, the MFCU, DOJ and the HHS, or any duly authorized state or federal agency. Upon
request, the Provider shall assist in such reviews, and provide complete copies of medical
records. Any authorized government agency, including but not limited to, HCA, CMS, OIG,
MFCU, HHS, DOJ and the Office of the Comptroller of the Treasury, may use these records to
carry out their authorized duties, reviews, audits, administrative, civil and/or criminal
investigations and/or prosecutions. Provider shall cooperate fully in any audit, investigation or
review by  Agency, MPI, MFCU, or other state or federal entity and in any
subsequent legal action that may result from such an audit, investigation or review involving this
25
Snoquaimic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

Agreement, including promptly supplying all data and information requested for such
investigation; provided that nothing in this section shall be construed to limit a Provider's right
to defend its actions in any legal proceeding in accordance with its rights under the law.
6.22 Provider to Monitor Quality. Provider shall maintain a quality assurance system
to monitor the quality of services delivered under this Agreement and initiate corrective action
where necessary to improve quality of care, in accordance with that level of care which is
recognized as acceptable professional practice in the respective community in which the Provider
practices and/or the standards established by the Program or its designee.
6.23Availability of Records.  and Provider recognize that in the event
of termination of the Medicaid Program between  and the Program for any of the
reasons described in the Medicaid Program Contract,  shall immediately make
available, to the Program, or its designated representative, in a usable form, any and all records,
whether medical or financial, related to  and Provider's activities undertaken
pursuant to this Agreement. The provision of such records shall be at no expense to the
Program.
6.24 FQHC/  If Provider is an FQHC/   shall adhere to
federal requirements for reimbursement for FQHC/  services. The agreed upon payment
from  to the FQHC/  is set forth in Attachment A to this Agreement. Any
bonus or incentive arrangements made to the FQHCs/RHCs associated with Program Covered
Persons shall also be specified to the Program.  shall submit the name of
Provider and the number of Medicaid encounters paid to Provider by month of service to the
Program for reasonable cost based reconciliation purposes.
6.25 Lobbying. By signing this Agreement, Provider certifies to the best of its
knowledge and belief that federal funds have not been used for lobbying in accordance with 45
CFR Part 93 and 31 USC 1352. Provider shall disclose any lobbying activities using non-federal
funds in accordance with and to the extent required by 45 CFR Part 93.
6.26 Covered Person Rights. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, Provider agrees to observe, protect and promote all rights of Covered Persons as
patients in accordance with all applicable laws, Program Contract and Agency requirements.
Provider shall provide any information that a Covered person needs in order to decide among all
relevant treatment options.
6.27Survival. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, with
or without cause, Provider expressly agrees that Sections 9.4,6.2 and 9.5 of this Agreement shall
survive such termination or expiration.
6.28 Monitoring. Provider agrees to  monitoring Provider's
performance on an ongoing basis and subject to formal review, which review shall be accordance
with a periodic schedule established by HCA consistent with industry standards and Regulatory
Requirements. Formal review must be completed no less than once every three years and must
26
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

identify deficiencies or areas for improvement and provide for corrective action in accordance
with 42 CFR 438.230(b).
6.29Performance Within the U.S. Provider agrees that all services to be performed
herein shall be performed in the United States of America. Breach, or anticipated breach, of the
foregoing shall be a material breach of this Agreement and, without limitation of remedies, shall
be cause for immediate termination of this Agreement.
6.30 Americans with Disabilities Act Compliance. Provider shall make reasonable
accommodation for Covered Persons with disabilities, in accord with the Americans with
Disabilities Act, for all services and shall assure physical and communication barriers shall not
inhibit Covered Persons with disabilities from obtaining such services.
6.31Interpreter Services. In compliance with 42 CFR 438.10(c)(4), Provider shall
assure that interpreter services are provided for Covered Persons with a primary language other
than English, free of charge. Provider shall also provide interpreter services for all interactions
between such Covered Persons and Provider including, but not limited to: all appointments,
emergency services, and all steps necessary to file grievances and appeals.
6.32 Read Ability. Provider shall ensure that all written information provided to
Covered Persons is accurate, is not misleading, is comprehensible to its intended audience, is
designed to provide the greatest degree of understanding, and is written at the sixth grade reading
level. All such written materials must have the written approval of  prior to use.
6.33Coordination of Benefits. Provider understands and agrees that when a Covered
Person is covered by two or more plans, the primary plan must pay or provide its benefits as if
the Program did not exist.
6.34 Program Integrity Requirements. Provider shall comply with 
HCA approved Program Integrity policies and procedures and the Program Integrity
requirements of the Program Contract, including but not limited to compliance with Section
1902(a)(68) of the Social Security Act, 42 C.F.R.  438.610, 42 C.F.R. 455, 42 C.F.R. 1000
through 1008 and Chapter 182-502A WAC.
If Provider is defined as a subcontractor under the Program Contract, Provider shall verify that
services billed by Provider were actually provided to Covered Persons and shall conduct
ongoing analysis of utilization, claims, billing and/or encounter data to detect overpayments and
including audits and investigations of Provider's Contracted Providers and downstream entities.
6.35 Enrollee Self Determination. Provider shall obtain informed consent prior to
treatment from Covered Persons, or persons authorized to consent on behalf of a Covered
Person, and shall comply with the provisions of the Natural Death Act (RCW 70.122) and state
and federal Medicaid rules concerning advance directives, and, when appropriate, inform
Covered Persons of their right to make anatomical gifts.
27
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement V4
Revised 

6.36Coordination of Care. If Provider is a PCP, then Provider shall, in consultation
with other appropriate health care professionals such as care coordinators or care managers, be
responsible for the provision, coordination, and supervision of health care to meet the needs of
each Covered Person, including initiation and coordination of referrals for medically necessary
specialty care, and shall assess and develop individualized clinical treatment plans for children
with special health care needs, which ensure integration of clinical and non-clinical disciplines
and services in the overall plan of care.
6.37 Special Health Care Needs. Provider shall identify child or adult Covered
Persons with special health care needs in the course of any contact or Covered Person initiated
health care visit and report such identification to 
6.38Sterilization and Hysterectomies. Provider shall assure that all sterilizations and
hysterectomies performed for Covered Persons are in compliance with 42 CFR 441 Subpart F,
and that the HCA Sterilization Consent Form (HCA 13-364)) or its equivalent is used.
6.39Enrollee Self-Referral. Provider understands and agrees that Covered Persons
have the right to self-refer for certain services to participating or non-participating local health
departments and participating or non-participating family planning clinics, paid through separate
arrangements with the State of Washington. The services to which a Covered Person may self-
refer include: (a) family planning services and sexually-transmitted disease screening and
treatment services provided at participating or nonparticipating providers, including but not
limited to family planning agencies, such as Planned Parenthood; (b) immunizations, sexually-
transmitted disease screening and follow-up, immunodeficiency virus (HIV) screening,
tuberculosis screening and follow-up, and family planning services through and if provided by a
local health department; (c) immunizations, sexually transmitted disease screening, family
planning and mental health services through and if provided by a school-based health center; and
(d) all services received by American Indian or Alaska Native enrollees under the Special
Provisions for American Indians and Alaska Natives subsection as set forth in the Program
Contract.
6.40SolvencyRequirements.If Provider is at financial risk, as defined in the
Program Contract,  shall establish, enforce and monitor solvency requirements
that provide assurance of Provider's ability to meet its obligations. Furthermore, Provider
acknowledges that  shall annually conduct surveys of Covered Persons'
satisfaction with Provider in accordance with Program Contract requirements, which surveys
shall to be provided to HCA or Covered Persons upon request.
6.41 Subrogation. Provider acknowledges and agrees that it shall subrogate to the
State of Washington for all criminal, civil and administrative action recoveries undertaken by
any government entity, including, but not limited to, all claims  or Provider have
or may have against any entity that directly or indirectly receives funds under the Program
Contract including, but not limited to, any health care provider, manufacturer, wholesale or retail
supplier, sales representative, laboratory, or other provider in the design, manufacture,
28
 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

marketing, pricing, or quality of drugs, pharmaceuticals, medical supplies, medical devices,
durable medical equipment, or other health care related products or services.
6.42Additional Medicare Program Provisions.
(a) Executive Order 13496. This provision is applicable to Providers who
participate in  Medicare program under Medicare Parts C and D and receive at
least $10,000 or more in payments from such  Medicare program. Provider shall
comply with the requirements of Executive Order 13496, 29 CFR 471, Appendix A to
Subpart A.
(b) Risk Adjustment Data Validation Audits. In connection with the
Medicare Program:
(1)  and Provider are required in accordance with 42
CFR  422.310(e) to submit a sample of medical records for Covered Persons for the purpose of
validation of risk adjustment data. Accordingly,  or its designee, shall have the
right to obtain copies of such documentation on at least an annual basis. Provider agrees to
provide the requested medical records to  or its designee, within fourteen (14)
calendar days from AMERIGROUP's, or its designee's, written request. Such records shall be
provided to  or its designee, at no additional cost.
(2) Data Reporting Submissions. Provider agrees to provide to
 all information necessary for  to meet its data reporting and
submission obligations to CMS, including but not limited to, data necessary to characterize the
context and purpose of each encounter between a Covered Person and the Provider ("Risk
Adjustment Data"), and data necessary for  to meet its reporting obligations
under 42 CFR  422.516 and 422.310. In accordance with the CMS requirements,
 reserves the right to assess Provider for any penalties resulting from Provider's
submission of false data.
(3) Risk Adjustment Data. Provider's Risk Adjustment Data shall
include all information necessary for  to submit such data to CMS as set forth in
42 CFR  422.310 or any subsequent or additional regulatory provisions. If Provider fails to
submit his/her/its Risk Adjustment Data accurately, completely and truthfully, in the format
described in the 42 CFR  422.310 or any subsequent or additional regulatory provisions, then
this will result in denials and/or delays in payment of Provider's claims.
(4) Accuracy of Risk Adjustment Data. Provider further agrees to
certify the accuracy, completeness, and truthfulness of Provider generated Risk Adjustment Data
that  is obligated to submit to CMS. Within thirty (30) days after the beginning
of every fiscal year or as required by CMS while Provider participates in the 
Medicare program pursuant to the Agreement, Provider agrees to provide  with
Risk Adjustment Data that is true, complete and correct, in a format that 
specifies.
29
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

(c) Medicare Non-Covered Services. Notwithstanding any other provision in
this Agreement applicable to non-Covered Services, Provider is not prohibited from the
collection of amounts due for Medicare services that have been correctly identified in advance as
a non-Covered Service, subject to medical coverage criteria, with appropriate disclosure to the
Covered Person of his/her financial obligation. This advance notice must be provided in
accordance with the CMS regulations for Medicare Advantage organizations. CMS regulations
require that a coverage determination be made with a standard denial notice (Notice of Denial of
Medical Coverage (or Payment)/CMS-10003) for a non-Covered Service or item when such
service or item is typically not covered, but could be covered under specific conditions. If prior
to rendering the service or item, Provider obtains, or instructs the Covered Person to obtain, a
coverage determination of a non-Covered Service or item, the Covered Person can be held
financially responsible for such non-Covered Services or items. However, if a service or item is
never covered by  such as a statutory exclusion, and the Covered Person's
Evidence of Coverage (EOC) clearly specifies that the service or item is never covered, Provider
does not have to seek a coverage determination from  in order to hold the
Covered Person responsible for the full cost of the service or item. Additional information,
related requirements and the process to request a coverage determination can be found in the
Provider Manual. Both parties agree that failure to follow the CMS regulations can result in
Provider's financial liability.
6.43Pharmacy Preauthorization and Emergency Fill Requirements. Provider and
 shall each comply with all applicable pharmacy preauthorization and emergency
requirements of the Program Contract and WAC 284-170-470, including but not limited to
compliance with the following:
(a) Disclose if the provider or pharmacy has the right to make a prior
authorization request; and
(b) Provide that if  or Provider requires the authorization
number to be transmitted on a pharmaceutical claim, the issuing party will provide the
authorization number to the billing pharmacy. The authorization number will be communicated
to the billing pharmacy after approval of a prior authorization request and upon receipt of a claim
for that authorized medication.
(c) The prior authorization determination must be transmitted to the
requesting party and must include the information about whether a request was approved and if
the request was made by the pharmacy, notification will additionally be made to the prescriber.
(d)  and Provider acknowledge and agree that
 shall authorize an emergency fill by the dispensing pharmacist and approve the
claim payment. An emergency fill is only applicable when:
(1) The dispensing pharmacy cannot reach  prior
authorization department by phone as it is outside of that department's
business hours; or
30
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

(2)  is available to respond to phone calls from a
dispensing pharmacy regarding a covered benefit, but 
cannot reach the prescriber for full consultation.
6.44 Potentially Preventable Readmissions. To facilitate care transitions for Covered
Persons, Provider and  shall comply with all Potentially Preventable Readmission
("PPR") requirements, as set forth in the Program Contract and WAC  Consistent
with the PPR provisions of the Program Contract,  and Provider shall work
together to facilitate care transitions for Covered Persons and Provider shall be responsible for
ensuring completion of the following: (a) discharge screenings, (b) discharge/care plans, (c)
discharge education, and (d) follow up care after discharge, including for mental health services,
as applicable. In addition, for high risk members, Provider will allow  or
 designee to assist with the coordination of planning, including visiting the
Covered Person.
ARTICLE VII
RECORDS
7.1 Records. Provider shall ensure that information about Covered Persons, including
their medical records, shall be kept confidential in a manner consistent with state and federal
laws and regulations. Provider shall maintain medical, financial and administrative records
concerning services provided to Covered Persons in accordance with industry standards and
Regulatory Requirements, including without limitation applicable law regarding confidentiality
of Covered Person information. Such records shall be retained by Provider for the period of time
required under Regulatory Requirements applicable to the Program involved. Provider shall
provide state and federal agencies access to review records related to services provided
hereunder in accordance with Regulatory Requirements. Provider shall permit 
or its designated agent to review records directly related to services provided to Covered
Persons, either by providing such records to  for off-site review, or on-site at
Provider's facility, upon reasonable notice from  and during regular business
hours. Provider shall obtain all necessary releases, consents and authorizations from Covered
Persons with respect to their medical records to permit  access to such records.
Provider shall supply the records described above at no charge upon request. The rights and
obligations of the parties under this section shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
Provider will have the right to audit  records relating to Covered Services
rendered by Provider to Covered Person's.
7.2 Record Transfer. Provider shall cooperate in the transfer of Covered Persons'
medical records to other Participating Providers when required, subject to Regulatory
Requirements, and shall assume the cost associated therewith. Following a Covered Person's
request for record transfer, Provider shall use best efforts to transfer such Covered Person's
medical records in Provider's custody within ten (10) days following the request, or such other
time period required under applicable Regulatory Requirements.
31
S  
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

ARTICLE VIII
COMPLAINT/DISPUTE RESOLUTION
8.1 Complaints of Covered Persons.  shall notify the Provider
concerning any complaint by a Covered Person involving that Provider or a Participating
Provider of that Provider in accordance with procedures set forth in the Provider Manual. The
provisions of this Article shall only apply to disputes that have complied fully with all grievance
and appeal procedures set forth in the Provider Manual.
8.2 Negotiation of Disputes.
(a) In the event of a dispute arising out of this Agreement that is not resolved
by, or is not within the scope of relationship management set forth in the Agreement, or that is
not resolved by informal discussions among the parties, the parties shall negotiate the dispute.
Any party may initiate negotiation by sending a written description of the dispute to the other
parties by certified or registered mail or personal delivery. The description shall explain the
nature of the dispute in detail and set forth a proposed resolution, including a specific time frame
within which the parties must act. The party receiving the letter must respond in writing within
thirty (30) days with a detailed explanation of its position and a response to the proposed
resolution. Within thirty (30) days of the initiating party receiving this response, principals of
the party who have authority to settle the dispute will meet to discuss the resolution of the
dispute. The initiating party shall initiate the scheduling of this negotiating session.
(b) In the event the parties are unable to resolve the dispute following the
negotiation, a party shall have the right to pursue all available remedies at law or equity,
including injunctive relief.
8.3 Dispute Resolution. Except as otherwise required by a specific federal or state
statute or regulation governing dispute resolution, no process for the resolution of disputes
arising out of a participating provider contract shall be considered fair under RCW 48.43.055
unless the process meets all the provisions of WAC 284-43-322.
(1) A dispute resolution process may include an initial informal process but must
include a formal process for resolution of all contract disputes.
(2)  may have different types of dispute resolution processes as
necessary for specialized concerns such as provider credentialing or as otherwise required by
law. For example, disputes over Program coverage of Covered Services are subject to the
grievance procedures established for Covered Persons.
(3)  must allow not less than thirty (30) days after the action
giving rise to a dispute for providers to complain and initiate the dispute resolution process.
(4)  may not require alternative dispute resolution to the
32
 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

exclusion of judicial remedies; however,  may require alternative dispute
resolution prior to judicial remedies.
(5)  must render a decision on provider complaints within a
reasonable time for the type of dispute. In the case of billing disputes,  must
render a decision within sixty (60) days of the complaint.
ARTICLE IX
TERM; TERMINATION
9.1 Initial Term and Renewal. Subject to the terms and conditions otherwise set forth
in this Agreement, this Agreement shall have an initial term of two (2) years, commencing as of
the Effective Date, and shall renew automatically thereafter for successive terms of one (1) year,
unless either party notifies the other of its intent not to renew at least one hundred and twenty
(120) days prior to the end of the term.
9.2 Termination Without Cause. Notwithstanding any other provision included in
this Agreement, Provider and  shall each be entitled to terminate this Agreement
at any time during its term by providing ninety (90) days prior written notice to the other party.
9.3 Termination by Either Party for Cause. Either party may terminate this
Agreement for cause, defined as a material breach of this Agreement by the other party hereto,
upon ninety (90) days prior written notice to the other party. The notice shall set forth the
reasons for termination and provide the breaching party ninety (90) days to cure such material
breach or the termination becomes effective.
9.4 Immediate Termination: Automatic Termination.
(a) Immediate Termination.  shall be entitled to terminate
this Agreement immediately upon  determination made in good faith and with
reasonable belief that (A) a Covered Person's health is subject to imminent danger or a
physician's ability to practice medicine is effectively impaired by an action of the Board of
Medicine or other governmental agency or (B) Provider continues a practice or pattern of (1)
substantial disregard for the rules and regulations of  with respect to patient care,
or (2) material deviation from the practice and quality assurance standards, or (C) Provider's
continued participation could adversely affect the care of Covered Persons. In addition,
 may immediately terminate this Agreement upon the filing of a petition in
bankruptcy for liquidation or reorganization by or against Provider, if Provider becomes
insolvent, or if a receiver is appointed for Provider or its property. In the case of termination
under this subsection, the effective date of such termination shall be the date set forth in
 written notice to Provider notifying Provider of such termination.
(b) Automatic Termination.This Agreement shall automatically and
immediately terminate upon the expiration, surrender, revocation, restriction or suspension of
any professional license required for Provider to perform the services contemplated hereunder or
33
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

Provider's participation in any applicable Program. In addition, if Provider is terminated, barred,
suspended or otherwise excluded from participation in, or has voluntarily withdrawn as the result
of a settlement agreement related to, any program under Titles XVIII, XIX or XX of the Social
Security Act, this Agreement shall automatically and immediately terminate.
(c) Appeal of Termination. In the event that Provider objects to termination
of the Agreement for any reason, Provider shall utilize  Complaint/Dispute
Resolution process as more fully set forth in Article VIII of this Agreement.
9.5 Partial Termination.  shall be entitled to terminate this
Agreement, pursuant to its terms, as it applies to one of   and 
without terminating the Agreement in its entirety, and in such case, the Agreement shall continue
in full force and effect in connection with the entity or entities as to which the Agreement has not
been terminated.   and  shall be entitled to terminate this
Agreement as it applies to itself without terminating the Agreement in its entirety, in which case,
the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect as to the remaining entity.
9.6 Continuation of Care.
(a) In the event of the termination of this Agreement for any reason except
termination of this Agreement for cause by  pursuant to subsection (c) below,
any Covered Person who is suffering from and receiving active health care services or who is an
inpatient shall have the right to continue to receive health care services from Provider for a
period of up to sixty (60) days from the date of the termination of this Agreement or until the
Covered Person's discharge from inpatient facilities up to ninety (90) days, whichever time is
greater. Any Covered Person who is pregnant and receiving treatment in connection with that
pregnancy at the time of termination of this Agreement may continue to receive health care
services from Provider for the remainder of her pregnancy and six (6) weeks post-partum.
(b) During the continuity of care provision described in subsection (a) above,
Provider shall continue to provide services in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
applicable immediately prior to the termination of this Agreement, and  shall
continue to meet all of the obligations of this Agreement.
(c) A Covered Person shall not have the right to continuation of care if the
termination of this Agreement is for loss of Provider license, or if the termination of this
Agreement is due to reasons related to quality of health care services rendered, health, safety or
welfare of Covered Persons.
(d) In connection with the Medicare Program, Provider agrees that, upon
termination of this Agreement for any reason (other than termination of Provider for reasons of
medical competence or professional behavior), Provider shall continue to furnish Covered
Services to all Medicare Covered Persons hospitalized as of the date of such termination up
through the discharge of such Covered Persons.  shall pay Provider for such
Covered Services in accordance with the terms of Attachment A - Medicare. In addition,
34
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

Provider agrees that in the event of  insolvency, termination of the CMS
contract or other cessation of operations, Covered Services to Covered Persons will continue
through the period for which the premium has been paid to  and services to
Covered Persons confined in an inpatient hospital on the date of termination of the CMS contract
or on the date of insolvency or other cessation of operations will continue until their discharge.
ARTICLE X
MISCELLANEOUS
10.1 Amendment.
(a) This Agreement may be amended by the mutual agreement of the parties
as evidenced in a writing signed by the parties.
(b) In addition,  shall be entitled to amend this Agreement as
follows without the written agreement of Provider:
(i) Upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to Provider, if the
amendment is being effected by  to comply with a Regulatory Requirement,
such amendment shall be effective as of the effective date set forth in the amendment.
Notwithstanding the above,  shall be entitled to amend the Agreement upon less
than thirty (30) days prior written notice if a shorter notice period is required in order to comply
with such Regulatory Requirement.
(ii) Upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to Provider, to the extent
the amendment is being effected by  for a purpose other than compliance with a
Regulatory Requirement. Provider shall be entitled to object to the amendment, by written
notice provided to  within sixty (60) days following Provider's receipt of such
amendment. If a timely objection is received by  then the amendment shall not
take effect until the parties mutually agree on a resolution to the objection or this Agreement is
terminated in accordance with the terms hereof.
(iii)An amendment to the Agreement may not be made retroactive
without the consent of the Provider.
(c) Addition or Deletion of d/b/a Entities by Provider. The parties
acknowledge and agree that Provider shall be entitled by written notification to 
to add or delete a d/b/a name (or operating location), as initially set forth on Exhibit A to the
Agreement. The parties shall not be required to execute an amendment by mutual consent to
evidence such an addition or deletion; it being agreed that written notice by Provider to
 shall be sufficient. To the extent that Provider desires to operate under a new
d/b/a name (or operating location), any addition of a d/b/a name (or operating location) shall not
be effective until such entity is credentialed in accordance with  requirements.
35
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

10.2 Non-Exclusivity; Volume. This Agreement shall not, nor shall it be construed to,
limit or restrict  in any manner from entering into any other agreements of any
nature whatsoever with other persons or entities for the provision of the same or similar services
contemplated hereunder. Neither this Agreement, nor anything contained herein, shall guarantee
or obligate  or any other party to provide any minimum number of referrals to
Provider hereunder.
10.3Assignment.
(a) This Agreement may not be assigned by Provider without the prior written
consent of  and may not be assigned by either party without the consent of HCA.
(b) In the event of a partial assignment of this Agreement by 
the obligations of the Provider shall be performed for  with respect to the part
retained and shall be performed for  assignee with respect to the part assigned,
and such assignee shall be solely responsible to perform all obligations of  with
respect to the part assigned.
(c) The rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall inure to the
benefit of, and shall be binding upon, any permitted successors and assigns of the parties hereto.
10.4Indemnification.
(a) Provider agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless 
and its officers, employees and agents from and against any and all liability, loss, claim, damage
or expense, including defense costs and legal fees, incurred in connection with (i) Provider's
breach of any representation and warranty made by Provider in this Agreement, and (ii) claims
for damages of any nature whatsoever, including, but not limited to, bodily injury, death,
personal injury or property damage arising from Provider's delivery of health care services or
Provider's performance or failure to perform Provider's obligations hereunder.
(b)  agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Provider
and, if Provider is an entity, its officers, employees and agents from and against any and all
liability, loss, claim, damage or expense, including defense costs and legal fees, incurred in
connection with (i)  breach of any representation and warranty made by
 in this Agreement, and (ii) claims for damages of any nature whatsoever,
arising from  performance or failure to perform its obligations hereunder.
(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing subsections (a) and (b), this Section shall
be null and void to the extent that it is interpreted to reduce insurance coverage to which either
party is otherwise entitled, by way of any exclusion for contractually assumed liability or
otherwise.
(d) Provider agrees to indemnify and hold harmless HCA and its employees
against all injuries, deaths, losses, damages, claims, suits, liabilities, judgments, costs and
expenses which may in any manner accrue against HCA or its employees through the intentional
36
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

misconduct, negligence, or omission of the Provider, its agents, officers, employees or
contractors.
10.5Waiver. Either party's waiver of any breach or violation of this Agreement by the
other party shall not, nor shall it be construed to, constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or
violation of this Agreement by the other party.
10.6Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision contained herein
shall not affect the validity of any other provisions of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall
be construed in all respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provision were omitted, or, to the
extent permitted by applicable law, such invalid or unenforceable paragraph shall be replaced
with another paragraph as similar in terms as may be possible and as may be legal, valid and
enforceable.
10.7 Construction. This Agreement shall be construed without regard to any
presumption or other rule requiring construction against the party causing this Agreement to be
drafted.
10.8 Notice, Any notice required to be given under this Agreement shall be sent by
certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid; hand delivery; overnight prepaid
delivery; or confirmed facsimile to the addresses set forth below, or to such other address
designated by a party hereto by notice to the other party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement:
If to  at the address set forth in the Provider Manual.
If to Provider, to the address set forth in Provider's  participation
application.
10.9 Independent Contractor Status. Nothing contained herein shall, or shall be
construed to, create a partnership, joint venture or any other relationship between the parties
hereto other than that of independent contractors.
10.10 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, and any exhibits, attachments and
amendments hereto, constitute the entire Agreement ("Entire Agreement"), and understanding
between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersede any prior
understandings and agreements between the parties, whether written or oral, with respect to the
subject matter hereof; provided however; the parties acknowledge and agree that the Provider
Manual is not incorporated by reference into this Agreement and is not deemed part of the Entire
Agreement.
10.11 Captions. The section headings in this Agreement are for convenience of
reference only, shall not define or limit the provisions hereof, and shall have no legal effect
whatsoever.
37
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 

10.12 Coordination of Defense of Claims. The parties hereto shall make all reasonable
efforts, consistent with advice of counsel and their requirements of their respective insurance
policies and carriers, to coordinate the defense of claims in which either party is named a
defendant, or has a substantial possibility of being named a defendant.
10.13Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Washington, excluding and without application of any
conflicts of law principles.
10.14 Counterparts. This Agreement and any amendment hereto may be executed in
two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken
together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
10.15 Non-Performance. Neither party shall be liable, nor deemed to be in default
hereunder, for any delay in performance or failure to perform under this Agreement which
results directly or indirectly from acts of God, civil or military authority, acts of public enemy,
war, accidents, fires, explosions, employee strikes or other work interruptions, earthquakes,
floods, failure of transportation, or any cause beyond the reasonable control of such party.
Provider acknowledges and agrees that this Agreement and the arrangement contemplated herein
is subject to regulation by state and federal governmental authorities. In the event that any action
of any such governmental authority impairs, limits, or delays either party's performance of any
obligation hereunder, that party shall be excused from such performance, and party's failure to
perform such obligation for such reason shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement.
38
Snoqualmic 
WA  & Facility Agreement v4
Revised 



Name According to W-9 Form, with d/b/a:Federal Tax Identification Number:
 District 3 of 
 District #4,  WA
 Hospital District No.1
ATTACHMENT A
 Washington, Inc.
 (  SERVICES
MEDICAID Reimbursement
 shall compensate Provider for Covered Services provided to Covered Persons,
subject to all terms and conditions of this Agreement, benefit design, coordination of benefits
(COB), applicable authorization requirements, applicable coinsurance, program eligibility and
 Provider Manual in an amount equal to the lesser of Eligible Charges or the
amounts shown below unless otherwise specified.
Section I: Inpatient Facility Services
Service DescriptionBilling Code Rate Method
106% of the
Inpatient FacilityApplicable InpatientWashington MedicaidPer Service
Services Revenue Codes
Rates
Section II: Outpatient Facility Services
Service DescriptionBilling Code Rate Method
106% of the
Outpatient FacilityApplicable Revenue CodesWashington MedicaidPer Service
Services with CPT/HCPCS Code
Rates
1. Inpatient Facility Services and Outpatient Facility Services are payable based on the
Washington Medicaid  ("  rates applicable to Provider as
published by Washington Department of Social and Health Services ("DSHS").
 shall update the  rates no more than sixty (60) days
from the date of receipt of notice of final changes to Provider's rates or on the effective
date of such changes, whichever is later. Such changes will be applied on a prospective
basis.  will not be responsible for interest payments that are the result of
late notification to  of  changes.
2. Provider shall give notice to  in writing regarding changes in Provider's
Charge Master within 30 (thirty) days of any adjustments to the charge amounts set
CRS_  District 3 of  District #4,  WA/  Hospital District No.1WA 
 Services
Rev.

Name According to W-9 Form, with d/b/a:Federal Tax Identification Number:
 District 3 of 
 District #4,  WA
 Hospital District No.1
forth in the Provider's Charge Master for a Covered Service set forth above for which
Provider's reimbursement hereunder is based on a percentage of Eligible Charges.
Section III: Notes
1. All services billed by Provider will be submitted on CMS - 1450 (or its successor) forms
or corresponding electronic format.
2. Eligible Charges are those charges billed by the Provider subject to conditions and
requirements which make the service eligible for reimbursement. Eligibility for
reimbursement of the service is dependent upon application of the following conditions
and requirements: Covered Person program eligibility, provider program eligibility,
benefit coverage, authorization requirements, provider manual guidelines, 
administrative, clinical and reimbursement policies, and code editing logic. The allowed
amount reimbursed for the eligible charge is based on the applicable fee schedule or
contracted/negotiated rate after application of coinsurance, co-payments, deductibles,
and coordination of benefits.  will not reimburse provider for services or
items the provider receives and/or provides free of charge.
Section IV: Exclusions
1. Payments are for facility services only; professional services are excluded.
2. Any services not specified in this Attachment A or in the referenced Fee Schedule(s)
according to the reimbursement table above are not reimbursable, In the event a
Covered Service for a payable code does not have a published dollar amount on the
then current applicable State Rate/Fee Schedule, has a zero dollar amount listed, or
requires manual pricing, such code shall be reimbursed at a rate established by
 for such Covered Service.
CRS_  District 3 of  District #4,  WA/  Hospital District No.1WA 
 Services
Rev.

Name According to W-9 Form, with d/b/a:Federal Tax Identification Number:
 District 3 of 
 District #4,  WA
 Hospital District No.1
ATTACHMENT A
 Washington, Inc.
Specialist and  Services
MEDICAID REIMBURSEMENT
 shall compensate Provider for Covered Services provided to Covered Persons,
subject to all terms and conditions of this Agreement, benefit design, coordination of benefits
(COB), applicable authorization requirements, applicable coinsurance, program eligibility and
 Provider Manual, in an amount equal to the lesser of Eligible Charges or the
amounts shown below unless otherwise specified.
Section I: Fee Schedule Reimbursement
Service DescriptionBilling Code Rate Method
106 % of WashingtonEvaluation andApplicable CPT/HCPCS
State Medicaid FeePer Service
Management Code Schedule
106 % of WashingtonApplicable CPT/HCPCS
Professional Services State Medicaid FeePer Service
Code Schedule
1. Payments specified as Washington State Medicaid Fee Schedule refer to the applicable
Washington State Medicaid Fee Schedule in effect as of the date of service for the
market(s) and program(s) covered by the Agreement at the time the Covered Service is
initiated to the Covered Persons.  will update the Fee Schedule no more
than sixty (60) days from the date of receipt of notice of final changes or on the effective
date of such changes, whichever is later. Fee Schedule changes will be applied on a
prospective basis.  will not be responsible for interest payments that are the
result of late notification to  of Fee Schedule changes.
2. All appropriate modifiers must be used in accordance with standard billing guidelines, if
applicable.
3. Allied Health professionals are reimbursed in accordance with the applicable
methodology for the above referenced fee schedule. If fee schedule is 
proprietary fee schedule, the applicable state methodology on which such fee schedule
is based on shall be used to determine the appropriate level of reimbursement.
CRS_  District 3 of  District #4,  WA/  Hospital District No.1_WA Specialist
and  Services
Rev. 

Name According to W-9 Form, with d/b/a:Federal Tax Identification Number:
 District 3 of 
 District #4,  WA
 Hospital District No.1
Section II: Notes
1. All services billed by Provider will be submitted on CMS-1500 (or its successor) forms or
corresponding electronic format.
2. Eligible Charges are those charges billed by the Provider subject to conditions and
requirements which make the service eligible for reimbursement. Eligibility for
reimbursement of the service is dependent upon application of the following conditions and
requirements: Covered Person program eligibility, provider program eligibility, benefit
coverage, authorization requirements, provider manual guidelines, 
administrative, clinical and reimbursement policies, and code editing logic. The allowed
amount reimbursed for the eligible charge is based on the applicable fee schedule or
contracted/negotiated rate after application of coinsurance, co-payments, deductibles, and
coordination of benefits.  will not reimburse provider for services or items the
provider receives and/or provides free of charge.
Section III: Exclusions
1. Any services not specified in this Attachment A or in the referenced Fee Schedule(s)
according to the reimbursement table above are not reimbursable. In the event a Covered
Service for a payable code does not have a published dollar amount on the then current
applicable State Fee Schedule, has a zero dollar amount listed, or requires manual pricing,
such code shall be reimbursed at a rate established by  for such Covered
Service.
CRS_  District 3 of  District #4,  WA/  Hospital District No.1_WA Specialist
and  Services
Rev. 

Name According to W-9 Form, with d/b/a:Federal Tax Identification Number:
 District #4,  WA
ATTACHMENT A - Medicare Advantage
 Washington, Inc.
MEDICARE ADVANTAGE Reimbursement
 shall compensate Provider for Covered Services provided to Covered Persons,
subject to all terms and conditions of this Agreement, benefit design, Coordination of Benefits
(COB), applicable authorization requirements, applicable coinsurance, program eligibility and
 Provider Manual, in an amount equal to the lesser of Eligible Charges or the
amounts shown below unless otherwise specified.
Section I: Inpatient Facility Services
Service DescriptionBilling Code Rate Method
Eligible Inpatient FacilityApplicable Revenue100 % CMS Critical
Per Service
Services Codes Access Hospital Rates
1. Inpatient Facility Services are based on the applicable CMS  Rates
as defined by the Provider's Fiscal Intermediary Rate Letter in effect as of the date of
discharge.
2. Payments specified as CMS Fee Schedule(s), Rates and/or CMS methodologies refer to
the applicable Medicare allowable amount otherwise payable by CMS for the market(s),
program(s) and related items and services covered by the Agreement net of applicable
member cost sharing. In the event CMS reduces compensation to  as a result
of a CMS directive or a change in Federal law, the amount payable to Provider
hereunder will be reduced in the amount specified by CMS as a result of such directive
or change in law, or in the absence of such specification, in the same percentage
amount as payment is reduced by CMS to  will update the CMS
Fee Schedule(s), CMS Rates and/or CMS methodologies no more than sixty (60) days
from the date of receipt of notice of final changes or on the effective date of such
changes, whichever is later. CMS Fee Schedule(s), Rates and/or CMS methodology
changes will be applied on a prospective basis.  will not be responsible for
interest payments that are the result of late notification to  of CMS Fee
Schedule(s), Rates and/or CMS methodology changes.
3. Provider must submit a copy of their most current Fiscal Intermediary Rate Letter within
sixty (60) days upon of receipt, or the above percentage shall be reduced by no more
than five percent (5%).
MCR WA  Services

Name According to W-9 Form, with d/b/a:Federal Tax Identification Number:
 District #4,  WA
Section II: Outpatient Facility Services
Service DescriptionBilling Code Rate Method
Applicable RevenueEligible Outpatient Facility 100 % CMS CriticalCodes with applicable Per ServiceServices Access Hospital Rates
CPT/HCPCS Codes
1. Outpatient Facility Services are based on the applicable CMS 
Rates as defined by the Provider's Fiscal Intermediary Rate Letter in effect as of the date
of discharge.
2. Payments specified as CMS Fee Schedule(s), Rates and/or CMS methodologies refer to
the applicable Medicare allowable amount otherwise payable by CMS for the market(s),
program(s) and related Items and services covered by the Agreement net of applicable
member cost sharing. In the event CMS reduces compensation to  as a result
of a CMS directive or a change in Federal law, the amount payable to Provider
hereunder will be reduced in the amount specified by CMS as a result of such directive
or change in law, or in the absence of such specification, in the same percentage
amount as payment is reduced by CMS to  will update the CMS
Fee Schedule(s), CMS Rates and/or CMS methodologies no more than sixty (60) days
from the date of receipt of notice of final changes or on the effective date of such
changes, whichever is later. CMS Fee Schedule(s), Rates and/or CMS methodology
changes will be applied on a prospective basis.  will not be responsible for
interest payments that are the result of late notification to  of CMS Fee
Schedule(s), Rates and/or CMS methodology changes.
3. Provider must submit a copy of their most current Fiscal Intermediary Rate Letter within
sixty (60) days upon of receipt, or the above percentage shall be reduced by no more
than five percent (5%).
Section III: Notes
1. All services billed by Provider will be submitted on CMS - 1450(or its successor) forms or
corresponding electronic format.
2. Eligible Charges are those charges billed by the Provider subject to conditions and
requirements which make the service eligible for reimbursement. Eligibility for
reimbursement of the service is dependent upon application of the following conditions
and requirements: Covered Person program eligibility, provider program eligibility,
benefit coverage, authorization requirements, provider manual guidelines, 
administrative, clinical and reimbursement policies, and code editing logic. The allowed
amount reimbursed for the eligible charge is based on the applicable fee schedule or
MCR WA  Services

Name According to W-9 Form, with d/b/a:Federal Tax Identification Number:
 District #4,  WA
contracted/negotiated rate after application of coinsurance, co-payments, deductibles,
and coordination of benefits.  will not reimburse provider for services or
items the provider receives and/or provides free of charge.
Section IV: Exclusions
1. Payments are for facility services only; professional services of physicians are excluded.
2. Any services not specified in this Attachment A or in the referenced Fee Schedule(s)
according to the reimbursement table above are not reimbursable. In the event a
Covered Service for a payable code does not have a published dollar amount on the
then current applicable CMS Rate/Fee Schedule, has a zero dollar amount listed, or
requires manual pricing, such code shall be reimbursed at a rate established by
 for such Covered Service.
MCR WA  Services

Name According to W-9 Form, with d/b/a:Federal Tax Identification Number:
 District #4,  WA
ATTACHMENT A - Medicare Advantage
 Washington, Inc.
PRIMARY CARE PHYSICIAN & ALLIED HEALTH PROFESSIONALS SERVICES
MEDICARE ADVANTAGE REIMBURSEMENT
 shall compensate Provider for Covered Services provided to Covered Persons,
subject to all terms and conditions of this Agreement, benefit design, Coordination of Benefits
(COB), applicable authorization requirements, applicable coinsurance, program eligibility and
 Provider Manual, in an amount equal to the lesser of Eligible Charges or the
amounts shown below unless otherwise specified.
Section I: Reimbursement
Service DescriptionBilling Code Rate Method
100 %
Professional ServicesApplicable
of CMS PhysicianPer Service
CPT/HCPCS code
Fee Schedule
45 %
ApplicableClinical Laboratory Servicesof CMS Clinical LaboratoryPer ServiceCPT/HCPCS code
Fee Schedule
Durable Medical Equipment, 65 %
Prosthetics, Orthotics andApplicable
of CMS DMEPOSPer ServiceCPT/HCPCS codeSupplies (DMEPOS) Fee Schedule
100 %Applicable
Drugs & BiologicalsCPT/HCPCS/NDC
of Medicare Part B Drug
Per Service
code
Average Sales Price ("ASP")
Fee Schedule
1. Payments specified as CMS Fee Schedule(s), Rates and/or CMS methodologies refer to
the applicable Medicare allowable amount otherwise payable by CMS for the market(s),
program(s) and related items and services covered by the Agreement net of applicable
member cost sharing. In the event CMS reduces compensation to  as a result
of a CMS directive or a change in Federal law, the amount payable to Provider
hereunder will be reduced in the amount specified by CMS as a result of such directive
or change in law, or in the absence of such specification, in the same percentage
amount as payment is reduced by CMS to  will update the CMS
Fee Schedule(s), CMS Rates and/or CMS methodologies no more than sixty (60) days
from the date of receipt of notice of final changes or on the effective date of such
changes, whichever is later. CMS Fee Schedule(s), Rates and/or CMS methodology
changes will be applied on a prospective basis.  will not be responsible for
MC WA Primary Care Physician and  Services

Name According to W-9 Form, with d/b/a:Federal Tax Identification Number:
 District #4,  WA
interest payments that are the result of late notification to  of CMS Fee
Schedule(s), Rates and/or CMS methodology changes.
2. Each drug/product must be billed using the standard CPT/HCPCS code, National Drug
Code (NDC) number of the covered medication, description of product, dosage and units
administered. Drugs are priced using CPT/HCPCS codes and reimbursed from the
contracted fee schedule.
3. All appropriate modifiers must be used in accordance with standard billing guidelines, if
applicable.
Section II: Notes
1. All services billed by Provider will be submitted on a CMS 1500 (or its successor) form or
corresponding electronic format.
2. Eligible Charges are those charges billed by the Provider subject to conditions and
requirements which make the service eligible for reimbursement. Eligibility for
reimbursement of the service is dependent upon application of the following conditions
and requirements: Covered Person program eligibility, provider program eligibility,
benefit coverage, authorization requirements, provider manual guidelines, 
administrative, clinical and reimbursement policies, and code editing logic. The allowed
amount reimbursed for the eligible charge is based on the applicable fee schedule or
contracted/negotiated rate after application of coinsurance, co-payments, deductibles,
and coordination of benefits.  will not reimburse provider for services or
items the provider receives and/or provides free of charge.
Section III: Exclusions
1. Any services not specified in this Attachment A or in the referenced Fee Schedule(s)
according to the reimbursement table above are not reimbursable. In the event a
Covered Service for a payable code does not have a published dollar amount on the
then current applicable CMS Fee Schedule, has a zero dollar amount listed, or requires
manual pricing, such code shall be reimbursed at a rate established by  for
such Covered Service.
MC WA Primary Care Physician and  Services

Name According to W-9 Form, with d/b/a:Federal Tax Identification Number:
 District #4,  WA
ATTACHMENT A - Medicare Advantage
 Washington, Inc.
 ("
MEDICARE ADVANTAGE REIMBURSEMENT
 shall compensate Provider for Covered Services provided to Covered Persons,
subject to all terms and conditions of this Agreement, benefit design, Coordination of Benefits
(COB), applicable authorization requirements, applicable coinsurance, program eligibility and
 Provider Manual, in an amount equal to the lesser of Eligible Charges or the
amounts shown below unless otherwise specified.
Section I: Fee Reimbursement
Service DescriptionBilling Code Rate Method
Applicable Revenue100 %All Outpatient Covered
Services Code with applicableof National Encounter Per Visit
CPT/HCPCS CodeRate
1. Payments specified as "National Encounter  Rate" refer to the CMS National Per
Visit Limit rate for RHC's, in effect as of the date of service for the market(s) and
program(s), covered by the Agreement at the time the Covered Service is initiated to the
Covered Person. This rate is all inclusive of professional, technical and facility charges
including evaluation and management, routine surgical and therapeutic procedures, and
diagnostic testing (including laboratory and radiology) capable of being performed on
site.
2. Payments specified as CMS Fee Schedule(s), Rates and/or CMS methodologies refer to
the applicable Medicare allowable amount otherwise payable by CMS for the market(s),
program(s) and related items and services covered by the Agreement net of applicable
member cost sharing. In the event CMS reduces compensation to  as a result
of a CMS directive or a change in Federal law, the amount payable to Provider
hereunder will be reduced in the amount specified by CMS as a result of such directive
or change in law, or in the absence of such specification, in the same percentage
amount as payment is reduced by CMS to  will update the CMS
Fee Schedule(s), CMS Rates and/or CMS methodologies no more than sixty (60) days
from the date of receipt of notice of final changes or on the effective date of such
changes, whichever is later. CMS Fee Schedule(s), Rates and/or CMS methodology
changes will be applied on a prospective basis.  will not be responsible for
MC WA 

Name According to W-9 Form, with d/b/a:Federal Tax Identification Number:
 District #4,  WA
interest payments that are the result of late notification to  of CMS Fee
Schedule(s), Rates and/or CMS methodology changes.
3. Provider must specify all services rendered during encounter, and all services rendered
will be reimbursed under the all-inclusive Per Visit rate.
4. Laboratory, radiology and medications administered are not reimbursed separately. To
the extent that the provider has the capabilities to provide these services and has
historically provided these services, the  shall continue to provide such services.
The bundling of therapeutic and diagnostic testing ("ancillary") services into the per visit
rate is not meant to imply that the  shall vend or refer out such ancillary services to
other  network providers merely for the purpose of maximizing
reimbursement.  reserves the right to audit historical charging patterns to
ensure that this is observed.
5. All appropriate modifiers must be used in accordance with standard billing guidelines, if
applicable.
Section II: Notes
1. All services billed by Provider will be submitted on a CMS - 1450 (or its successor) form
or corresponding electronic format
2. Eligible Charges are those charges billed by the Provider subject to conditions and
requirements which make the service eligible for reimbursement. Eligibility for
reimbursement of the service is dependent upon application of the following conditions
and requirements: Covered Person program eligibility, provider program eligibility,
benefit coverage, authorization requirements, provider manual guidelines, 
administrative, clinical and reimbursement policies, and code editing logic. The allowed
amount reimbursed for the eligible charge is based on the applicable fee schedule or
contracted/negotiated rate after application of coinsurance, co-payments, deductibles,
and coordination of benefits.  will not reimburse provider for services or
items the provider receives and/or provides free of charge.
Section III: Exclusions
1. Any services not specified in this Attachment A or in the referenced Fee Schedule(s)
according to the reimbursement table above are not reimbursable. In the event a
Covered Service for a payable code does not have a published dollar amount on the
then current applicable CMS Fee Schedule, has a zero dollar amount listed, or requires
manual pricing, such code shall be reimbursed at a rate established by  for
such Covered Service.
MC WA 

Name According to W-9 Form, with d/b/a:Federal Tax Identification Number:
 District #4,  WA
ATTACHMENT A I Medicare Advantage
 Washington, Inc.
Specialist and  Services
MEDICARE ADVANTAGE REIMBURSEMENT
 shall compensate Provider for Covered Services provided to Covered Persons,
subject to all terms and conditions of this Agreement, benefit design, Coordination of Benefits
(COB), applicable authorization requirements, applicable coinsurance, program eligibility and
 's Provider Manual, in an amount equal to the lesser of Eligible Charges or the
amounts shown below unless otherwise specified.
Section I: Reimbursement
Service DescriptionBilling Code Rate Method
100 %
Professional ServicesApplicable
of CMS PhysicianPer Service
CPT/HCPCS code
Fee Schedule
45 %ApplicableClinical Laboratory Servicesof CMS Clinical LaboratoryPer ServiceCPT/HCPCS code
Fee Schedule
Durable Medical Equipment, 65 %
Prosthetics, Orthotics andApplicable
of CMS DMEPOSPer Service
CPT/HCPCS codeSupplies (DMEPOS) Fee Schedule
100 %Applicable
Drugs & BiologicalsCPT/HCPCS/NDC
of Medicare Part B Drug
Per Service
code
Average Sales Price ("ASP")
Fee Schedule
1. Payments specified as CMS Fee Schedule(s), Rates and/or CMS methodologies refer to
the applicable Medicare allowable amount otherwise payable by CMS for the market(s),
program(s) and related items and services covered by the Agreement net of applicable
member cost sharing. In the event CMS reduces compensation to  as a result
of a CMS directive or a change in Federal law, the amount payable to Provider
hereunder will be reduced in the amount specified by CMS as a result of such directive
or change in law, or in the absence of such specification, in the same percentage
amount as payment is reduced by CMS to  will update the CMS
Fee Schedule(s), CMS Rates and/or CMS methodologies no more than sixty (60) days
from the date of receipt of notice of final changes or on the effective date of such
changes, whichever is later. CMS Fee Schedule(s), Rates and/or CMS methodology
changes will be applied on a prospective basis.  will not be responsible for
MC WA Specialists and  Services

Name According to W-9 Form, with d/b/a:Federal Tax Identification Number:
 District #4,  WA
interest payments that are the result of late notification to  of CMS Fee
Schedule(s), Rates and/or CMS methodology changes.
2. Each drug/product must be billed using the standard CPT/HCPCS code, National Drug
Code (NDC) number of the covered medication, description of product, dosage and units
administered. Drugs are priced using CPT/HCPCS codes and reimbursed from the
contracted fee schedule.
3. All appropriate modifiers must be used in accordance with standard billing guidelines, if
applicable.
Section II: Notes
1. All services billed by Provider will be submitted on a CMS 1500 (or its successor) form or
corresponding electronic format.
2. Eligible Charges are those charges billed by the Provider subject to conditions and
requirements which make the service eligible for reimbursement. Eligibility for
reimbursement of the service is dependent upon application of the following conditions
and requirements: Covered Person program eligibility, provider program eligibility,
benefit coverage, authorization requirements, provider manual guidelines, 
administrative, clinical and reimbursement policies, and code editing logic. The allowed
amount reimbursed for the eligible charge is based on the applicable fee schedule or
contracted/negotiated rate after application of coinsurance, co-payments, deductibles,
and coordination of benefits.  will not reimburse provider for services or
items the provider receives and/or provides free of charge.
Section III: Exclusions
1. Any services not specified in this Attachment A or in the referenced Fee Schedule(s)
according to the reimbursement table above are not reimbursable. In the event a
Covered Service for a payable code does not have a published dollar amount on the
then current applicable CMS Fee Schedule, has a zero dollar amount listed, or requires
manual pricing, such code shall be reimbursed at a rate established by  for
such Covered Service.
MC WA Specialists and  Services

Name According to W-9 Form, with d/b/a:Federal Tax Identification Number:
 District 3 of 
 District #4,  WA
 Hospital District No.1
ATTACHMENT A-1
 Washington, Inc.
PRIMARY CARE PHYSICIAN AND  SERVICES WITH
MEDICAL CARE MANAGEMENT
MEDICAID REIMBURSEMENT
 shall compensate Provider for Covered Services provided to Covered Persons,
subject to all terms and conditions of this Agreement, benefit design, coordination of benefits
(COB), applicable authorization requirements, applicable coinsurance, program eligibility and
 Provider Manual, in an amount equal to the lesser of Eligible Charges or the
amounts shown below unless otherwise specified.
Section I: Fee Schedule Reimbursement
Service DescriptionBilling Code Rate Method
Evaluation andApplicable CPT/HCPCS106 % of Washington
State Medicaid FeePer Service
Management Code Schedule
Professional ServicesApplicable CPT/HCPCS106 % of Washington
State Medicaid FeePer Service
Code Schedule
1. Payments specified as Washington State Medicaid Fee Schedule refer to the applicable
Washington State Medicaid Fee Schedule in effect as of the date of service for the
market(s) and program(s) covered by the Agreement at the time the Covered Service is
initiated to the Covered Persons.  will update the Fee Schedule no more
than sixty (60) days from the date of receipt of notice of final changes or on the effective
date of such changes, whichever is later. Fee Schedule changes will be applied on a
prospective basis.  will not be responsible for interest payments that are the
result of late notification to  of Fee Schedule changes.
2. All appropriate modifiers must be used in accordance with standard billing guidelines, if
applicable.
3. Allied Health professionals are reimbursed in accordance with the applicable
methodology for the above referenced fee schedule. If fee schedule is 
proprietary fee schedule, the applicable state methodology on which such fee schedule
is based on shall be used to determine the appropriate level of reimbursement.
CRS_  Distric 3 of  District #4,  WA/  Hospital District No.1_WA Primary
Care with Medical Care Management
Rev. 

Name According to W-9 Form, with d/b/a:Federal Tax Identification Number:
 District 3 of 
 District #4,  WA
 Hospital District No.1
Section II: Medical Care Management Reimbursement effective upon the Arrangement
Effective Date set forth in the Attachment A-2 to the Agreement through 
Included under this Agreement is eligibility for Medical Care Management Reimbursement.
Provider shall be paid Per Member, Per Month ("PM/PM") specified below, in addition to
reimbursement stated in above.
MEDICAL CARE MANAGEMENT
Product Rate PM/PM
Medicaid $3.00 PMPM
1. Such payment shall be made monthly on or before the 20th of the month following the
calculation of membership.  shall provide a listing of all members which the
monthly medical care management reimbursement is based upon.
Section III: Notes
1. All services billed by Provider will be submitted on CMS-1500 (or its successor) forms or
corresponding electronic format.
2.Eligible Charges are those charges billed by the Provider subject to conditions and
requirements which make the service eligible for reimbursement. Eligibility for
reimbursement of the service is dependent upon application of the following conditions and
requirements: Covered Person program eligibility, provider program eligibility, benefit
coverage, authorization requirements, provider manual guidelines, 
administrative, clinical and reimbursement policies, and code editing logic. The allowed
amount reimbursed for the eligible charge is based on the applicable fee schedule or
contracted/negotiated rate after application of coinsurance, co-payments, deductibles, and
coordination of benefits.  will not reimburse provider for services or items the
provider receives and/or provides free of charge.
Section IV: Exclusions
1. Any services not specified in this Attachment A or in the referenced Fee Schedule(s)
according to the reimbursement table above are not reimbursable. In the event a Covered
Service for a payable code does not have a published dollar amount on the then current
applicable State Fee Schedule, has a zero dollar amount listed, or requires manual pricing,
such code shall be reimbursed at a rate established by  for such Covered
Service.
CRS_  Distric 3 of  District #4,  WA/  Hospital District No.1 WA Primary
Care with Medical Care Management
Rev. 

Name According to W-9 Form, with d/b/a:Federal Tax Identification Number:
 District 3 of 
 District #4,  WA
 Hospital District No.1
ATTACHMENT A - 1
 Washington, Inc.
 ("
MEDICAID REIMBURSEMENT
 shall compensate Provider for Covered Services provided to Covered Persons,
subject to all terms and conditions of this Agreement, benefit design, coordination of benefits
(COB), applicable authorization requirements, applicable coinsurance, program eligibility and
 Provider Manual, in an amount equal to the lesser of Eligible Charges or the
amounts shown below unless otherwise specified.
Section I: Fee Reimbursement
Service DescriptionBilling Code Rate Method
106%Applicable CPT/HCPCSProfessional Services of the Washington StatePer Service
Codes Medicaid Fee Schedule
1. Payments specified as "Washington State Medicaid Fee Schedule" refer to the
applicable Washington State Medicaid Fee Schedule in effect as of the date of service
for the market(s) and program(s) covered by the Agreement at the time the Covered
Service is initiated to the Covered Persons.  will update the Fee Schedule no
more than sixty (60) days from the date of receipt of notice of final changes or on the
effective date of such changes, whichever is later. Fee Schedule changes will be applied
on a prospective basis.  will not be responsible for interest payments that
are the result of late notification to  of Fee Schedule changes.
2. All appropriate modifiers must be used in accordance with standard billing guidelines, if
applicable.
Section II: Medical Care Management Reimbursement effective upon the Arrangement
Effective Date set forth in the Attachment A-2 to the Agreement through 
Included under this Agreement is eligibility for Medical Care Management Reimbursement.
Provider shall be paid Per Member, Per Month ("PM/PM") specified below, in addition to
reimbursement stated in above.
CRS  District 3 of  District #4,  WA/  Hospital District No.1
WA 
Rev. 

Name According to W-9 Form, with d/b/a:Federal Tax Identification Number:
 District 3 of 
 District #4,  WA
 Hospital District No.1
MEDICAL CARE MANAGEMENT
Product Rate PM/PM
Medicaid $3.00 PMPM
1. Such payment shall be made monthly on or before the 20th of the month following the
calculation of membership.  shall provide a listing of all members which the
monthly medical care management reimbursement is based upon.
Section III: Notes
1. All services billed by Provider will be submitted on a CMS 1500 (or its successor) form or
corresponding electronic format.
2. Eligible Charges are those charges billed by the Provider subject to conditions and
requirements which make the service eligible for reimbursement. Eligibility for
reimbursement of the service is dependent upon application of the following conditions
and requirements: Covered Person program eligibility, provider program eligibility,
benefit coverage, authorization requirements, provider manual guidelines, 
administrative, clinical and reimbursement policies, and code editing logic. The allowed
amount reimbursed for the eligible charge is based on the applicable fee schedule or
contracted/negotiated rate after application of coinsurance, co-payments, deductibles,
and coordination of benefits.  will not reimburse provider for services or
items the provider receives and/or provides free of charge.
Section IV: Exclusions
1. Any services not specified in this Attachment A or in the referenced Fee Schedule(s)
according to the reimbursement table above are not reimbursable. In the event a
Covered Service for a payable code does not have a published dollar amount on the
then current applicable State Fee Schedule, has a zero dollar amount listed, or requires
manual pricing, such code shall be reimbursed at a rate established by  for
such Covered Service.
CRS_  District 3 of  District #4,  WA/  Hospital District No.1
WA 
Rev. 

PROVIDER NAME: FEDERAL TAX ID NUMBER:
 Hospital District No. 1
 District 3 of 
 District #4,  WA
ATTACHMENT A - 2
 Washington, Inc.
Primary Care Physician Shared Savings Arrangement Reimbursement
Medicaid
Introduction
The parties agree to enter into a Shared Savings Arrangement (the "Arrangement") as defined in
this Attachment A-2.
Section 1: Definitions:
Unless otherwise defined in this Attachment A-2, all defined terms shall have the meanings set
forth in Article I of the Agreement.
Arrangement Effective Date: The effective date as set forth in Section 2 below.
Arrangement Year: The measurement period for the Arrangement. In the first year of the
Arrangement, the Arrangement Year is defined as the time period commencing on the
Arrangement Effective Date and ending on  of that same year. The Arrangement
Year for all subsequent periods will be the applicable calendar year.
Arrangement Year MLR: The MLR for the Arrangement Year, calculated as the result of the
Total Medical Expenses for the Arrangement Year divided by the Total Premium for the
Arrangement Year.
Incurred But Not Reported (IBNR): When calculating the Total Medical Expenses for the
Arrangement, a reasonable factor will be applied to the paid medical expenses for the period to
adjust for any claims that have been incurred but not yet reported. The IBNR factors will be
based on  historical paid claims experience, and will be developed by  on
an actuarially sound basis.
Kick Premium Adjustment: An adjustment to the calculation of Total Premium applicable to
any state OB/NICU kick premium for a Member that exceeds the Stop-Loss Deductible amount.
Such OB/NICU kick premium will be adjusted to the Stop-Loss Deductible amount for purposes
of inclusion in the calculation of Total Premium.
Member: A Covered Person, as defined in the Agreement, that is assigned to Provider or
Provider's PCPs for purposes of the Arrangement.
 
Attachment A-2 Medicaid Shared Savings Arrangement =  WA (EXISTING GROUPS)
10/2015 Page I of 15

PROVIDER NAME: FEDERAL TAX ID NUMBER:
 Hospital District No. 1
 District 3 of 
 District #4,  WA
Membership Threshold: The number of  Members that the Provider is required to
have in a panel prior to  consideration and implementation of the Arrangement
provisions. The Membership Threshold is specified in Exhibit 2.
Medical Loss Ratio (MLR): The result of the Total Medical Expenses divided by the Total
Premium.
Stop-Loss: A methodology that will be incorporated into the Total Medical Expenses calculation
designed to afford protection to the Provider against the impact under this Agreement of certain
high-dollar claims. For any Arrangement for which Provider is at Substantial Financial Risk, as
such term is defined in 42 CFR 422.208(a), such Stop-Loss methodology shall meet all
requirements set forth in 42 CFR 422.208(f). Should the Provider experience a decrease in their
attributed membership level throughout the term of this Agreement, the Provider shall remain
compliant with the stop-loss deductible levels set forth in 42 CFR 422.208.
Stop-Loss Deductible: The Stop-Loss Deductible is the amount of claim amount that must be
reached, either on a per Member per Arrangement Year basis, or on a per claim basis, before a
Stop-Loss Credit is applied to the calculation of Total Medical Expenses. The Stop-Loss
Deductible amount is specified in Exhibit 2.
Stop-Loss Expense: The Stop-Loss Expense, included as part of the Total Medical Expenses
calculation, will be the per member per month amount specified in Exhibit 2.
Stop-Loss Credit: The claims amounts in excess of the Stop Loss Deductible specified in
Exhibit 2, multiplied by the Stop-Loss Credit Percentage specified in Exhibit 2.
Stop-Loss Credit Percentage: The percentage of Stop-Loss Credits deducted from paid claims
as part of the Total Medical Expenses calculation, as specified in Exhibit 2.
Target MLR: The Target MLR is defined in Exhibit 2.
Target MLR Floor: The Target MLR Floor amount is specified in Exhibit 2 and represents the
MLR percentage below which no further surplus can be earned by the Provider.
Total Medical Expenses: The costs incurred by  for payment for all Covered
Services (including hospital, medical, pharmacy and nonhospital) provided to each Member by
all providers (participating and non-participating, and including Provider and its PCPs)
furnishing such services to Members, adjusted by the Stop-Loss Expense and Stop-Loss Credits.
Total Medical Expenses include:
Claims and capitation paid through the defined claims run-out period
Plus a reasonable amount for IBNR
Plus the Stop-Loss Expense
Minus the Stop-Loss Credits
S c 
Attachment A-2 Medicaid Shared Savings Arrangement -  WA (EXISTING GROUPS)
10/2015 Page 2 of 15

PROVIDER NAME: FEDERAL TAX ID NUMBER:
 Hospital District No. 1
 District 3 of 
 District #4,  WA
No expenses will be included in Total Medical Expenses for the  Value-Added
Member Benefits (where applicable). For purposes of MLR calculations, inpatient claims will be
assigned to the time period in which the inpatient date of admission occurred.
Total Premium: The premium and other revenue amounts received from the state by
 for each Member (adjusted to reflect any membership adjustments made by the state
for previous months) net of any premium taxes including any Kick Premium Adjustment as
defined herein.
Value-Added Member Benefits: Benefits provided to Members for which the state does not
provide premium or other revenue to  and which  has identified as a
value-added benefit in its disclosures to the state.
Section 2: Conditions and Arrangement Effective Date
The provisions of this Attachment A-2 shall apply solely with respect to Provider and those
Primary Care Physicians employed by or under contract with Provider and credentialed in
accordance with  requirements to furnish services under this Agreement
("Participating Providers"), As a condition of participation in the Arrangement as set forth in
this Attachment A-2 and Exhibits 1 and 2 hereto, Provider and its Participating Providers must:
(a) be approved by  as meeting  quality, access and
utilization requirements as described in Section 6 below;
(b) maintain membership at or above the Membership Threshold as specified in
Exhibit 2 for two (2) consecutive months; and
(c) execute and submit to  the Notice and Certification Form attached as
Exhibit 4 and made a part hereof.
This Attachment A-2 shall become effective following written notice from  of
Provider's satisfaction of all of the requirements set forth in subsections (a) - (c) above, and shall
be made effective as of the date specified in such written notice, which shall be the later of: the
1st day of the calendar quarter following satisfaction of all of the requirements set forth in
subsections (a) - (c) above, or, if this Agreement requires approval by an applicable Agency, the
1st day of the calendar quarter following receipt of such approval by  whichever is
later. Provider acknowledges that the requirements referenced in subsections (a) and (b) above
are ongoing requirements, and that  retains the right to monitor and enforce
Provider's compliance with such requirements throughout the term of this Agreement, and to
terminate this Arrangement if Provider fails to maintain compliance with such requirements.
Prior to the Arrangement Effective Date, Provider's sole compensation under the Agreement
shall be in accordance with the Attachment A-1,
Snoqualmic 
Attachment A-2 Medicaid Shared Savings   WA (EXISTING GROUPS)
10/2015 Page 3 of 15

PROVIDER NAME: FEDERAL TAX ID NUMBER:
 Hospital District No. 1
 District 3 of 
 District #4,  WA
Any contracts in place between Provider and a Participating Provider to furnish services to
Members under this Agreement must meet all requirements imposed under federal and state law
or regulations applicable to the Programs to which this Agreement applies, including without
limitation the applicable requirements of 42 C.F.R. 422.208 and 42 C.F.R. 417.122. In addition,
such contracts must specify that Participating Provider is not entitled to direct compensation
from  pursuant to this Attachment A-2. Without limiting the foregoing, the parties
agree that this Attachment A-2, including all Exhibits and Attachments hereto, may not be
amended for a minimum of 12 months from the date of any prior amendment to this Attachment
A-2, except as required to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations.
Section 3: Professional Services Reimbursement
 shall pay Provider for Covered Services furnished by Provider to applicable
Covered Persons in accordance with the terms set forth in Attachment A-1. As set forth in the
Agreement, Provider is solely responsible for collecting all applicable copayments, deductibles
and coinsurance, subject to state cost-sharing obligations with respect to Members dually eligible
under the Medicare and Medicaid programs.  reserves the right to review and audit,
at reasonable times and upon demand, any and all Provider records and reports relating to
Covered Services provided to Members.
Section 4: Arrangement Calculation
Provider will be eligible to receive compensation under the Arrangement in accordance with and
as calculated in Exhibit 1.
Provider acknowledges and agrees that the Arrangement will be administered as a single
arrangement applied to the aggregated membership of the three (3) entities, and all surpluses and
deficits under this Arrangement shall be determined on the basis of such aggregated membership.
 shall make any payments due under the Arrangement solely and directly to 
 District 3 of   shall not direct  District 3 of
 regarding the distribution of any amounts paid under the Arrangement to any of
the three (3) entities.  District 3 of  shall manage the participation
of  Hospital District No. 1,  District 3 of  and 
 District #4,  WA under a single Arrangement and  District
3 of  will be solely responsible for the distribution of any shared savings surplus
funds between  Hospital District No. 1,  District 3 of 
 and  District #4,  WA in accordance with a separate
agreement between  Hospital District No. 1,  District 3 of 
 and  District #4,  WA; provided that any such distribution
shall comply with all applicable state and federal law, including without limitation the
requirements of 42 CFR 42 C.F.R. 422.208 and 42 C.F.R. 417.122.  District 3 of
 agrees to defend, indemnify and hold  harmless for claims related to
Snoqualmic 
Attachment A-2 Medicaid Shared Savings Arrangement -  WA {EXISTING GROUPS}
10/2015 Page 4 of 15

PROVIDER NAME: FEDERAL TAX ID NUMBER:
 Hospital District No. 1
 District 3 of 
 District #4,  WA
 District 3 of Pacific County's distribution of funds pursuant to this Attachment
A-2.
Section 5: Termination of the Agreement
The provisions of this paragraph supplement, but do not otherwise limit or restrict, the
termination provisions contained in the Participation Agreement. Upon the expiration or
termination of the Agreement,  shall continue to perform interim reconciliations in
accordance with Exhibit I, until such time as  completes a final reconciliation
pursuant to Exhibit 1 below with respect to the final Arrangement Year, or portion thereof, under
the Agreement. Such final reconciliation will be performed within nine (9) months of
termination of the Agreement. As provided in Exhibit 1, any amounts owed as a result of such
final reconciliation, including if applicable, repayment of any interim shared savings payments
made pursuant to Exhibit 1, shall be paid to the appropriate party within thirty (30) days
following the final determination of such amount. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event
that this Arrangement is terminated by  for reasons set forth in Section 6, 7, 8 or 9
below, no additional surplus funds shall be due or payable to Provider by  as of the
date of notice of termination.
Section 6: Quality, Access and Utilization Requirements
Provider or Provider's Primary Care Physician(s) shall ensure that Members receive Medically
Necessary Covered Services in a timely and appropriate manner and that meet requirements for
quality of care as reasonably established by  based on industry standards. Provider
must meet or exceed the Quality Threshold Target requirements set forth in Exhibit 3 attached
thereto in order to qualify for any shared savings distribution as set forth in this Attachment A-2,
and as calculated in Exhibit 1.  reserves the right to revise the Quality Threshold
Target criteria set forth in Exhibit 3 annually in accordance with the terms of this Attachment A-
2 as a prerequisite for continued participation in the Arrangement. Provider and its Participating
Providers shall not discriminate in the acceptance or care of any Member based on health needs
or status. Provider and its Participating Providers may not seek to transfer a Member to a
different provider based on the degree of utilization of medical services needed by such Member
or based on the Member's medical condition, except where required for the benefit of the
Member; nor may Provider and its Participating Providers limit, delay, restrict or withhold
access to Medically Necessary services by Members. Provider and its Participating Providers
shall comply with  quality assurance programs and shall cooperate with
 efforts to review the appropriateness of care rendered to Members by Provider and
its Participating Providers. In the event that  reasonably believes that Members are
not receiving appropriate quality or access to care by Provider or its Participating Providers, or
that Provider or its Participating Providers are causing the inappropriate transfer of Members due
to their health status,  shall have the right to suspend the compensation provisions of
this Attachment A-2, and limit Provider's compensation to the reimbursement previously set
forth on Attachment A-I hereto, and/or to deem Provider in material breach of the Agreement.
 
Attachment A-2 Medicaid Shared Savings Arrangement -  WA {EXISTING GROUPS)
10/2015 Page 5 of 15

PROVIDER NAME: FEDERAL TAX ID NUMBER:
 Hospital District No. 1
 District 3 of 
 District #4,  WA
Section 7: Underutilization Monitoring
 will monitor the rate of utilization of medical services by Members for potential
underutilization of Covered Services. A set of the Provider's utilization measures will be
compiled on a periodic basis and analyzed by  will conduct an internal
review of any suspected underutilization. If  determines that there are indications of
underutilization, upon  request, Provider will meet with  to review the
data. If there is sufficient indication of an underutilization issue, the Provider must submit a
corrective action plan ("CAP") within 30 days of the in-person meeting. Failure to attend the
required meeting or submit a timely CAP may result in the immediate removal of the Provider
from the Arrangement. The CAP shall set forth targets for improvement and the time frame
within which such targets must be achieved. If  does not approve the CAP, the
Provider will be given one opportunity to revise the CAP. The revised CAP must be resubmitted
within 15 days of notice of disapproval from  The Provider must implement the
CAP immediately upon receipt of approval from  may monitor the
CAP on a quarterly basis, as well as future utilization of medical services by the Members
assigned to the Provider. If, at any time,  determines that the Provider has not
complied with the CAP, or if the resubmitted CAP is deemed deficient by 
 shall terminate the Arrangement.
Section 8: Member Turnover Monitoring
 will monitor the rate of turnover of Members assigned to a Provider. If a Provider
appears to have a disproportionate amount of Member turnover,  may initiate an
internal review. If the internal review indicates a turnover issue, Provider will meet with
 to review the data. If, after the meeting,  determines that inappropriate
Member turnover has occurred,  shall terminate the Arrangement.
Snoqualmic 
Attachment A-2 Medicaid Shared Savings Arrangement -  WA {EXISTING GROUPS)
10/2015 Page 6 of 15

PROVIDER NAME: FEDERAL TAX ID NUMBER:
 Hospital District No. 1
 District 3 of 
 District #4,  WA
Exhibit 1
 Washington, Inc.
Primary Care Physician Reimbursement
Medicaid
Shared Savings Arrangement Calculation
1. Shared Savings Arrangement Calculation
A. If the Arrangement Year MLR is less than the Target MLR, the Provider is eligible to
receive a shared savings payment.
1) The calculation of the shared savings amount equals the Shared Savings Percentage
set forth in Exhibit 2 times the difference between the Target MLR and the
Arrangement Year MLR, times the Arrangement Year Total Premium. The shared
savings amount is subject to the limitation described immediately below in Section
I.A.2. The calculation is: Shared Savings If {(Target MLR minus the Arrangement
Year MLR) times the Shared Savings Percentage} times the Arrangement Year Total
Premium}.
2) The total incentive-based payments to the Provider from  inclusive of
payments under this Arrangement, are limited to no more than the Overall Shared
Savings Limit percentage (as specified in Exhibit 2) of the total reimbursement the
Provider receives from  for direct services delivered to 
Members during the Arrangement Year.
B. If the Arrangement Year MLR is more than the Target MLR, no shared savings is earned.
The Provider is not required to pay any deficit to 
2. Interim Quarterly Reconciliations and Payments
Interim quarterly reconciliations will be completed by the Interim Quarterly Reconciliation
Timeframe specified in Exhibit 2, using the Interim Quarterly Reconciliation Claims Run-out
Period as specified in Exhibit 2 and subject to the Interim Quarterly Reconciliation
Distribution Percentage specified in Exhibit 2. Any interim shared savings payments
(subject to section I.A.2. above) will be processed and mailed by  on or about the
end of the Interim Quarterly Reconciliation Timeframe specified in Exhibit 2.
Provider acknowledges that shared savings payments under the Arrangement are earned on
an Arrangement Year basis, and any Arrangement Year interim distributions are considered
an advance against the final Arrangement Year earned shared savings amount.
Interim quarterly reconciliations will be performed on an Arrangement Year-to-date basis. If
the Arrangement Year-to-date interim quarterly reconciliation results in an Arrangement
Snoqualmic 
Attachment A-2 Medicaid Shared Savings Arrangement -  WA (EXISTING GROUPS}
10/2015 Page 7 of 15

PROVIDER NAME: FEDERAL TAX ID NUMBER:
 Hospital District No. 1
 District 3 of 
 District #4,  WA
Year-to-date earned shared savings payment, the amount of the Arrangement Year-to-date
earned shared savings payment, subject to the Interim Quarterly Reconciliation Distribution
Percentage specified in Exhibit 2, will be compared to the total of all previous Arrangement
Year interim quarterly shared savings payments, and if there is a positive difference, the
amount, will be remitted. If there is a negative difference, it will carry over to the next
interim quarterly reconciliation, or the final Arrangement Year reconciliation if no further
interim reconciliation periods remain.
3. Interim Final Arrangement Year Reconciliation and Payment
The interim final Arrangement Year reconciliation will be completed by the Interim Final
Arrangement Year Reconciliation Timeframe specified in Exhibit 2, using the Interim Final
Arrangement Year Reconciliation Claims Run-out Period as specified in Exhibit 2. Any
interim final Arrangement Year shared savings payments (subject to section 1.A.2. above)
will be processed and mailed by  on or about the end of the Interim Final
Arrangement Year Reconciliation Timeframe specified in Exhibit 2.
The interim final Arrangement Year shared savings amount shall be net of all interim
Arrangement Year distribution amounts, and will be determined in accordance with Sections
3.A and 3.B below.
A. If the interim final Arrangement Year reconciliation results in an earned shared
savings payment, the amount of the earned shared savings payment (subject to section
I.A.2. above) will be compared to all previous Arrangement Year interim quarterly
shared savings payments:
1) If there is a positive difference, the full amount of the difference will
be remitted.
2) If there is a negative difference (shortfall), the Provider shall repay the
total amount of the shortfall, within 60 days of notice by 
The Provider's obligation to repay  will not exceed the
amount of Arrangement Year-to-date interim payments made to the
Provider.
B. If the interim final Arrangement Year reconciliation does not result in an earned
shared savings payment, any Arrangement Year-to-date interim shared savings
payments shall be paid back to  by the Provider. The Provider's
Snoqualmic 
Attachment A-2 Medicaid Shared Savings Arrangement -  WA (EXISTING GROUPS)
10/2015 Page 8 of 15

PROVIDER NAME: FEDERAL TAX ID NUMBER:
 Hospital District No. 1
 District 3 of 
 District #4,  WA
obligation to repay  will not exceed the amount of Arrangement Year-to-
date interim shared savings payments made to the Provider.
4. Final Arrangement Year Reconciliation and Payment
The final Arrangement Year reconciliation will be completed by the Final Arrangement Year
Reconciliation Timeframe specified in Exhibit 2, using the Final Arrangement Year
Reconciliation Claims Run-out Period as specified in Exhibit 2. Any final Arrangement Year
shared savings payments (subject to section 1.A.2. above) will be processed and mailed by
 on or about the end of the Final Arrangement Year Reconciliation Timeframe
specified in Exhibit 2.
Each Arrangement Year shall be subject to a separate final reconciliation without regard to
the reconciliation of any other Arrangement Year that is subject to this Agreement.
Final settlement of the Arrangement Year shared savings amount shall be net of all
Arrangement Year interim distribution amounts, including the interim final Arrangement
Year reconciliation distribution.
A. If the final Arrangement Year reconciliation results in an earned shared savings payment,
the amount of the earned shared savings payment (subject to Section I.A.2. above) will
be compared to all previous Arrangement Year interim quarterly and interim final shared
savings payments for such Arrangement Year:
1) If there is a positive difference, the full amount of the difference will be remitted.
2) If there is a negative difference (shortfall), the Provider shall repay the total amount
of the shortfall, within 60 days of notice by  The Provider's obligation to
repay  will not exceed the amount of Arrangement Year-to-date interim
payments made to the Provider.
B. If the final Arrangement Year reconciliation does not result in an earned shared savings
payment, any Arrangement Year-to-date interim shared savings payments shall be paid
back to  by the Provider. The Provider's obligation to repay  will
not exceed the amount of Arrangement Year-to-date interim shared savings payments
made to the Provider.
5. Dispute Resolution
If the Provider objects in writing to an interim or final reconciliation within 30 days
following receipt of such reconciliation report, and if the parties cannot reach agreement on
Merton-  
Attachment A-2 Medicaid Shared Savings Arrangement -  WA (EXISTING GROUPS)
10/2015 Page 9 of 15

PROVIDER NAME: FEDERAL TAX ID NUMBER:
 Hospital District No. 1
 District 3 of 
 District #4,  WA
such reconciliation or any payment due thereunder, then an independent third party CPA with
a major accounting firm will be engaged by the parties to render an opinion. If the parties
cannot agree on a CPA, then each party shall select a CPA with a major accounting firm, and
such CPAs shall agree on a third, independent CPA to review Provider's objections and
render an opinion. The cost of the CPA shall be shared equally by the parties. The CPA
selected shall have thirty (30) days to issue his/her opinion. The opinion of the CPA shall be
final, conclusive and binding on the parties, and the parties shall pay any surplus or
overpayments amounts due in accordance with Exhibit I within thirty (30) days following
issuance by the CPA of his/her opinion. If the Provider does not object in writing to an
interim or final reconciliation within 30 days following receipt of such reconciliation report,
the Provider shall be deemed to have accepted such reconciliation.
 
Attachment A-2 Medicaid Shared Savings   WA (EXISTING GROUPS)
10/2015 Page 10 of 15

PROVIDER NAME: FEDERAL TAX ID NUMBER:
 Hospital District No. 1
 District 3 of 
 District #4,  WA
Exhibit 2
 Washington, Inc.
Primary Care Physician Summary of Shared Savings Arrangement Terms
Medicaid
Membership 500 MembersThreshold
Target MLR
Previous ArrangementTarget MLR *
Year Actual MLR
= or > 89%Actual MLR minus 2% but not less than 89%
82% - 89% Actual MLR
Actual MLR plus 4% but not greater than
V 82% 82%
Claims incurred from  and paid through  will
determine the target for the Arrangement year  plus an
allowance for IBNR calculated consistent with  annual
statutory filings with the WA Office of the Insurance Commissioner for
such prior calendar year. This methodology will roll forward by one
calendar year and a 3 month claim run out for subsequent years. The
target will be determined in early May of each year.
Target MLR Floor 5% Less than target MLR
Shared Savings
50%Percentage
Overall Shared
25%Savings Limit
Stop-Loss $6,000.00 per Member per Year
Deductible
Stop-Loss ExpenseActual total claim amounts in excess of the Stop-Loss Deductible (times
the Stop-Loss Credit Percentage) for all  Members for the
calendar year immediately preceding the Arrangement Year, divided
 
Attachment A-2 Medicaid Shared Savings Arrangement -  WA (EXISTING GROUPS)
10/2015 Page 11 of IS

PROVIDER NAME: FEDERAL TAX ID NUMBER:
 Hospital District No. 1
 District 3 of 
 District #4,  WA
by the total member months for  Medicaid members for the
calendar year immediately preceding the Arrangement Year
Stop-Loss Credit
90%Percentage
Reconciliation Interim Quarterly: 3 months
Claims Run-out Interim Final: 3 months
Period Final: 8 months
ReconciliationInterim Quarterly: 45-60 days after end of Interim Quarterly
Timeframe Reconciliation Claims Run-out Period
Interim Final: 45-60 days after end of Interim Final Reconciliation
Claims Run-out Period
Final: 45-60 days after end of Final Reconciliation Claims
Run-out Period
Reconciliation Interim Quarterly: 50%
Distribution Interim Final: 100%
Percentage Final: 100%
 
Attachment A-2 Medicaid Shared Savings   WA (EXISTING GROUPS}
10/2015 Page 12 of 15

PROVIDER NAME: FEDERAL TAX ID NUMBER:
 Hospital District No. 1
 District 3 of 
 District #4,  WA
Exhibit 3
 Washington, Inc.
Quality Threshold Targets
Medicaid
As a condition of participation in the Arrangement, Provider shall meet or exceed the Quality
Threshold Target set forth in this Exhibit 3.  shall review Provider's performance
with respect to the Quality Threshold Target set forth in this Exhibit 3 annually. This annual
review will determine the Providers eligibility for participation in the Arrangement for that year.
1. Quality Threshold Target
The Quality Threshold Target, as defined below, must be met for any combination of the 5
measures specified below for the Arrangement Year:
Shared
HEDIS Measure IndicatorQuality Threshold TargetSavings
Value
Blood Sugar (HbA1C) poor control (CDC >9%)Previous Year Score + 5 percentage points or
20%NCQA 75th Percentile
Previous Year Score + 5 percentage points or
Kidneys Disease Screening (CDC-NEPH)NCQA 75th Percentile20%
Previous Year Score + 5 percentage points or
Breast Cancer Screening (BCS)NCQA 75th Percentile20%
Previous Year Score + 5 percentage points or
Controlling Blood Pressure (CBP)NCQA 75th Percentile20%
Previous Year Score + 5 percentage points or
Weight Assessment Ages 18-74 (ABA)NCQA 75th Percentile20%
The HEDIS Measure Targets will be the rates listed above under the Quality Threshold Target
column. The first Previous Year for the Quality Threshold Targets will be the calendar year
2016 levels and will roll forward by one calendar year for subsequent years (e.g. 2017). The
Quality Threshold Target for any given year will be deemed to have been met if the Provider
achieves any of the above 5 HEDIS Measures paid to the applicable 50% Shared Savings at the
percentages listed above. If the Quality Threshold Target defined above is met, the Provider
shall be deemed to meet the Quality Threshold Target condition set forth in Section 6 of this
Attachment A-2.
 
Attachment A-2 Medicaid Shared Savings Arrangement -  WA (EXISTING GROUPS)
10/2015 Page 13 of 15

PROVIDER NAME: FEDERAL TAX ID NUMBER:
 Hospital District No. 1
 District 3 of 
 District #4,  WA
Exhibit 4
 Washington, Inc.
Primary Care Physician Reimbursement
Medicaid
Notice and Certification
Following the date that  has approved Provider for compensation in accordance with
the reimbursement provisions set forth in Attachment A-2, but prior to 
conversion of Provider's compensation to the terms of such Attachment A-2, a senior officer of
Provider (President, CEO or CFO), with authority to issue a certification on behalf of Provider.
shall execute and deliver to  the written notice and certification as set forth below:
1.
, certify that  Hospital District No. 1, 
 District 3 of  and  District #4,  WA
("Provider") meet all of the requirements and qualifications set forth in Attachment A-2 to the
Agreement for reimbursement using the methodology set forth in such Attachment A-2.I
further certify that Provider's performance under the Agreement is, and shall continue to be
throughout the term thereof, in full compliance with all applicable federal and state laws, rules
and regulations regarding the provision of services to Medicaid enrollees. I further certify that,
in furnishing services hereunder, Provider will not limit, delay, restrict or withhold the provision,
or arranging for the provision, of medically necessary Covered Services to Members except
where required for the benefit of a Member, nor will Provider discriminate in accepting or
retaining any Member as a patient, or in providing or arranging for the provision of medically
necessary covered services to a Member, on the basis of a Member's health needs or status.
I acknowledge and agree that any effort by Provider to limit, delay, restrict or withhold the
provision, or arranging for the provision, of medically necessary Covered Services or to
discriminate on the basis of health status shall be grounds for immediate termination of the
compensation program established under Attachment A-2 and that  shall have the
right to suspend the compensation provisions of this Attachment A-2, and limit Provider's
compensation to the reimbursement previously set forth on Attachment A-1 hereto, and/or deem
the Provider in material breach of the Agreement.
PROVIDER:
 Hospital District No. I
 
Attachment A-2 Medicaid Shared Savings Arrangement -  WA (EXISTING GROUPS}
10/2015 Page 14 of 15

